





The Practical Guide to NLP and NLU | Moveworks




















































































Skip to content




Forrester names Moveworks a leader in Chatbot for IT operations. Read the report today.
Moveworks named a Forrester leader in Chatbot for IT operations. 













main menu







Search for...













Home
Platform

Product Overview
How it Works
LLM Stack
Enterprise Copilot
Creator Studio
Employee Experience Insights
Moveworks API
Multilingual Support
Triage
Integration Partners
Performance Dashboards





Solutions

IT
IT Service Desk
IT Service Management
Self Service
HR
HR Service Desk
Employee Onboarding
Facilities
Finance
Employee Communications
Cost Reduction
Identity Access Management
Knowledge Management
Multilingual Support

Customer Stories
Resources

Resource Center
Blog
Help Center

Company

About us
Careers
Newsroom
Contact us
Trust











Demo request
skip to content






















See Moveworks in action.
Schedule a meeting with a Moveworks representative and learn how we can help reduce employee issue resolution from days to seconds.






        First Name *
      







        Last Name *
      







        Email *
      







        Company *
      







        Phone
      







        How did you hear about us? *
      









By checking this box, I agree to receive company news and updates. Learn more in the Privacy Policy.








Thank you.
A member of the Moveworks team will be in touch within the next 24 hours.


  Close this modal
  





  Go back
  
back to form




back to tab selection



























The Practical Guide to NLP and NLU









Jiang Chen, VP of Machine Learning


Tomasz Jurczyk, Machine Learning Engineer











 December 22, 2020











linkedin
      






facebook
      






twitter
      






email
      















































Many people assume computers will never understand human language. But as a company that builds artificial intelligence to do just that, it's our job to overcome this assumption. There's no doubt that AI systems are capable of solving remarkably complicated problems. Why should language — perhaps the most impactful problem of all — be any different?

So here's the challenge: making inherently ambiguous language more like the highly structured world of chess. And to develop that structure, two techniques have proven equally critical: natural language processing (NLP) and natural language understanding (NLU). NLP organizes language into the structured data that computers require to process, while NLU interprets that data to derive meaning.
To appreciate the strides computers have already made toward understanding language, let’s talk about one of the first major challenges put before them: chess. Chess is no less complex than language, and yet computers were capable of defeating even chess grandmasters decades ago. By considering a huge amount of situational data, chess-playing programs not only figure out their next move; they also anticipate the next three moves, five moves, and even ten moves down the line.
 
In this blog, we’ll cover:

How NLP gives structure to unstructured language
How NLU uses such structure to figure out a user's intent
Why NLP and NLU must work in tandem to understand language

NLP: structuring unstructured language
To learn why computers have struggled to understand language, it’s helpful to first figure out why they're so competent at playing chess. Chess, needless to say, isn’t easy. There are more possible moves in a game than there are atoms in the universe.
But while playing chess isn’t inherently easier than processing language, chess does have extremely well-defined rules. There are certain moves each piece can make and only a certain amount of space on the board for them to move. Computers thrive at finding patterns when provided with this kind of rigid structure. Yet language is not so formulaic. It breaks rules all the time.
In the lingo of chess, NLP is processing both the rules of the game and the current state of the board. How can you move your bishop? Where is your opponent's queen? An effective NLP system takes in language and maps it — applying a rigid, uniform system to reduce its complexity to something a computer can interpret. Matching word patterns, understanding synonyms, tracking grammar — these techniques all help reduce linguistic complexity to something a computer can process.
Figure 1: At its most basic level, NLP involves treating each utterance as a unique string of words, with minimal interpretation. In this example — a chatbot only knows the preprogrammed phrase “I need Zoom,” and it is unable to respond to slightly altered phrasing.
The easiest way to structure unstructured language is to treat each unique utterance as its own data point. The equivalent in chess would be making moves completely dependent on the opponent’s last move: advancing a pawn simply because the other person moved their rook. Obviously, this is a losing strategy — both in chess and in language learning. 
While creating a chatbot like the example in Figure 1 might be a fun experiment, its inability to handle even minor typos or vocabulary choices is likely to frustrate users who urgently need access to Zoom. While human beings effortlessly handle verbose sentences, mispronunciations, swapped words, contractions, colloquialisms, and other quirks, machines are typically less adept at handling unpredictable inputs.
Figure 2: The goal of NLP is to provide structure to unstructured, ambiguous language.
In Figure 2, we see a more sophisticated manifestation of NLP, which gives language the structure needed to process different phrasings of what is functionally the same request. With a greater level of intelligence, NLP helps computers pick apart individual components of language and use them as variables to extract only relevant features from user utterances.
With NLP, we reduce the infinity of language to something that has a clearly defined structure and set rules. To put it simply, we make language more like chess. Crucially, however, the job isn’t done yet. 
NLU: playing the language game
Assembling the information extracted by NLP, NLU focuses primarily on comprehension: understanding utterances in the context of the broader conversation to choose the right response.
A number of advanced NLU techniques use the structured information provided by NLP to understand a given user's intent. These techniques include paraphrase detection, which determines whether a pair of utterances has the same meaning, and topic switching, which enables AI to follow a non-linear conversation that naturally jumps around different subjects.
Figure 3: NLU goes beyond processing language at face value: it illuminates a user’s underlying intent.
NLU is an integral part of NLP. If NLP is about understanding the state of the game, NLU is about strategically applying that information to win the game. Thinking dozens of moves ahead is only possible after determining the ground rules and the context. Working together, these two techniques are what makes a conversational AI system a reality. Consider the requests in Figure 3 — NLP’s previous work breaking down utterances into parts, separating the noise, and correcting the typos enable NLU to exactly determine what the users need.
While NLP and NLU are not interchangeable terms, they both work toward the end goal of understanding language. There might always be a debate on what exactly constitutes NLP versus NLU, with specialists arguing about where they overlap or diverge from one another. But, in the end, NLP and NLU are needed to break down complexity and extract valuable information.
Figure 4: Both NLP and NLU play an important role in understanding a user’s request, but the line where one approach ends and the other begins is blurry.
The endgame of language understanding
To win at chess, you need to know the rules, track the changing state of play, and develop a detailed strategy. Understanding language involves the same three elements. And like playing chess, the key is constant improvement. Chess and language present more or less infinite possibilities, and neither have been "solved" for good. Yet the more we know, the better decisions we make. 
By working diligently to understand the structure and strategy of language, we’ve gained valuable insight into the nature of our communication. Building a computer that perfectly understands us is a massive challenge, but it’s far from impossible — it’s already happening with NLP and NLU.

Contact  Moveworks to learn how AI can supercharge your workforce productivity.











technology


































More blog posts








How to unlock continual service improvement with AIOps


          Discover how AIOps transforms IT operations from reactive to proactive. Understand the AIOps revolution and shift from firefighters to innovators.
        














How conversational AI can drive mission success for the public sector


          Learn how AI & automation can immediately provide ROI and elevate service experience at scale for federal and state government and the public sector as a whole.
        














Generative AI should be your #1 priority: Key takeaways from the Forrester Technology & Innovation Summit


          3 key takeaways from the Forrester Technology & Innovation Summit: 1. Make generative AI your #1 priority. 2. Balance Risk 3. Deploy Copilots. Read the recap.
        














How conversational AI is transforming healthcare


          Conversational AI is improving healthcare delivery by automating tasks, surfacing knowledge, and supporting staff. Learn how leading providers use this technology.
        














How Moveworks uses LLMs to create a seamless conversational AI experience


          From spelling correction to intent classification, get to know the large language models that power Moveworks' conversational AI platform.
        














How AI is changing IT operations analytics


          AI is transforming IT operations analytics (ITOA). Here are the key benefits and challenges of implementing AI-driven ITOA, including real-world examples.
        










































    Subscribe to our blog
  
    Get notified about Moveworks’ latest posts.
 







































Solutions


Customers


Resources


Blog


Sitemap




Platform


Platform overview


Moveworks API


System status




Company


About us


Newsroom


Contact us


Careers



 
































































































image/svg+xml


    ©2023 Moveworks, Inc.
  

Privacy policies
















close modal















































