





People-centric HR relies on conversational AI | Moveworks




















































































Skip to content




Forrester names Moveworks a leader in Chatbot for IT operations. Read the report today.
Moveworks named a Forrester leader in Chatbot for IT operations. 













main menu







Search for...













Home
Platform

Product Overview
How it Works
LLM Stack
Enterprise Copilot
Creator Studio
Employee Experience Insights
Moveworks API
Multilingual Support
Triage
Integration Partners
Performance Dashboards





Solutions

IT
IT Service Desk
IT Service Management
Self Service
HR
HR Service Desk
Employee Onboarding
Facilities
Finance
Employee Communications
Cost Reduction
Identity Access Management
Knowledge Management
Multilingual Support

Customer Stories
Resources

Resource Center
Blog
Help Center

Company

About us
Careers
Newsroom
Contact us
Trust











Demo request
skip to content






















See Moveworks in action.
Schedule a meeting with a Moveworks representative and learn how we can help reduce employee issue resolution from days to seconds.






        First Name *
      







        Last Name *
      







        Email *
      







        Company *
      







        Phone
      







        How did you hear about us? *
      









By checking this box, I agree to receive company news and updates. Learn more in the Privacy Policy.








Thank you.
A member of the Moveworks team will be in touch within the next 24 hours.


  Close this modal
  





  Go back
  
back to form




back to tab selection



























Why people-centric HR teams depend on conversational AI









Ahmed Al-Bahar, Head of Product


Tomasz Jurczyk, Tech Lead


Ivy Wang, Product Design Lead











 March 31, 2021











linkedin
      






facebook
      






twitter
      






email
      















































HR teams are overwhelmed. Charged with managing a successful and high-performing company culture, HR professionals are experts at handling every stage of the employee lifecycle — from onboarding new hires to managing benefits to coaching leaders. Ensuring the success of thousands of employees is no easy task.

The real problem is that HR is responsible for so many manual tasks: whenever an employee needs help, the HR team has to do it by hand. The result is that HR spends tons of time on routine, repetitive tasks — rather than on meaningful interactions. And for employees, all this time waiting for answers slows their workday down. With this manual approach, global companies would never have a big enough HR team to keep up. 
Figure 1: HR teams are responsible for every step of the employee lifecycle.
At Moveworks, we realized that the key to scaling the HR team is speed. 
If you want employees to adopt new tools or fill out benefits, the right resources — from forms to knowledge articles — must be available to those who need them in seconds. And the only way to do this is to rethink the whole process from start to finish.

Figure 2: With Moveworks, HR teams deliver real-time support at scale.
That’s why the Moveworks platform is purpose-built to handle HR issues: to help you create a culture of instant help at work. In building this solution, we found that three fundamental roadblocks hold back HR teams from making change happen overnight:

Employees don’t know where to go for HR support
HR help needs to be personalized to each employee’s needs
The employee lifecycle is overwhelming to manage

In this blog, we’ll discuss how Moveworks is helping top HR teams deliver real-time support — at a massive scale.
Creating a one-stop shop for support
When employees have HR questions, they don’t know where to go. HR may have a system to submit issues to dedicated experts, but that doesn’t mean next steps are accessible or obvious. Employees aren’t thinking about complex backend reporting systems. They just want their questions answered. So the IT team is flooded with HR requests, the HR team gets finance questions, and the Finance team gets questions about IT issues. 
That’s why we built a single starting point for employees to self-service their own support. On the front end, employees can ask any question in basic language. And on the back end, all the various support systems — from HR to IT — are integrated so that a single bot can answer every question.

Figure 3: Employees can submit any support issue to the Moveworks chatbot to get instant help.
Our bot offers such a powerful experience because we’ve analyzed tens of millions of examples of how employees ask for help. By studying what these requests have in common, our machine learning models deeply understand everyday enterprise language. So we don’t have to predefine our bot’s actions. Instead, the bot autonomously works to discover the user’s underlying intent to give them the best response. 
Because of this approach, we can easily transition from answering IT questions to helping employees in all spheres of their work-life, including HR. With every in-bot conversation, our models understand more, and employees learn through repetition that Moveworks is the first place to look for help.
Reaching the right expert in seconds
If an employee has a complex or sensitive issue, our AI-powered Smart Handoff transfers requests to the correct specialist, automatically and immediately. By either routing issues to the right HR professional or linking users to a specific process or workflow within the HR platform or Intranet site — employees get the support they need, and HR professionals get questions they’re specially qualified to answer.
With Moveworks, problems aren’t just solved faster — they’re solved automatically. So employees can get on with their work, and HR teams are free to personally handle more specialized tasks.
 

Figure 4: With Smart Handoff, employee questions get to the right department expert.
Delivering personalized HR support automatically
One of the biggest challenges for HR is the constant trade-off between speed and precision. Conventional automation tools offer fast service, but they typically aren’t smart enough to provide the accurate response. 
Consider an employee requesting details on the employee referral program. Even to answer a simple question like this would be difficult to automate, given that the correct response depends on many factors — location, department, and seniority. You need to take all of these contextual details into account to surface the right knowledge. 

Figure 5: Moveworks uses context — location, role, seniority, department — to make every answer relevant.
We created a bot that’s specifically designed to take all of this disparate information into account and automatically solve issues. Autonomously curating an identity map for each employee — Moveworks provides tailor-made answers or redirects sensitive questions to the right expert.
As an HR team, it’s frustrating when the resources you’ve spent so much time building aren’t used. Setting up and personalizing the right answer manually can take forever. Our solution transforms company resources into an immediately helpful format, ensuring that employees get only the relevant snippet from a knowledge base article or the appropriate form that addresses their specific request.
Streamlining the employee lifecycle
Company culture doesn't come down to only choosing the right benefits or enacting supportive policies. Company culture changes all the time, re-defining itself minute-to-minute. Onboarding, training, benefits enrollment, and career development are all opportunities for employees to know if their company is worth working at.
No HR team can operate at the kind of scale that modern enterprise requires. There’s so much to deal with that how you tackle every challenge matters. And that’s why having a strategy that incorporates machine learning (ML) and artificial intelligence (AI) is critical, given these technologies’ ability to resolve thousands of issues simultaneously. 
Figure 6: With Moveworks, HR teams can send targeted messages to employees.
Right now, communicating at each of these critical moments is time-intensive and manual. It’s time to incorporate real-time automation that can target the right employees at the right time, so no one tunes you out. 
With our solution, you can move away from the slow, manual email communication model and instead target specific employees with actionable messages. By automating internal communication, HR teams are free to focus on these bigger, more strategic projects that take time and human creativity to implement.
Redefining your digital HQ
In this digital era, companies blend together, all using the same SaaS tools. Our customers — like Palo Alto Networks — know that standing out comes down to the little things, like providing support the moment it’s needed. And that means investing in a digital workplace, just as much as a physical office.
“It’s really the small moments that create your company culture,” said Elizabeth Wheeler, Senior Manager of Benefits & HR Connect at Palo Alto Networks. “With Moveworks, we’ve made those millions of small moments effortless — by giving our employees what they need, when they need it. The result is that my team can focus on the big projects that move our business forward.”
With AI, there’s a fantastic opportunity to create an experience that’s distinctive to your organization. When we founded Moveworks, we shared a vision to empower employees worldwide to focus on the most impactful work. Extending our abilities to HR is just the beginning. HR teams handle an impossible workload, but with Moveworks for HR, these highly-engaged professionals can keep up with the modern workplace’s constantly evolving demands.

Contact us to learn how you can use Moveworks to automate HR support.











technology


































More blog posts








How to unlock continual service improvement with AIOps


          Discover how AIOps transforms IT operations from reactive to proactive. Understand the AIOps revolution and shift from firefighters to innovators.
        














How conversational AI can drive mission success for the public sector


          Learn how AI & automation can immediately provide ROI and elevate service experience at scale for federal and state government and the public sector as a whole.
        














Generative AI should be your #1 priority: Key takeaways from the Forrester Technology & Innovation Summit


          3 key takeaways from the Forrester Technology & Innovation Summit: 1. Make generative AI your #1 priority. 2. Balance Risk 3. Deploy Copilots. Read the recap.
        














How conversational AI is transforming healthcare


          Conversational AI is improving healthcare delivery by automating tasks, surfacing knowledge, and supporting staff. Learn how leading providers use this technology.
        














How Moveworks uses LLMs to create a seamless conversational AI experience


          From spelling correction to intent classification, get to know the large language models that power Moveworks' conversational AI platform.
        














How AI is changing IT operations analytics


          AI is transforming IT operations analytics (ITOA). Here are the key benefits and challenges of implementing AI-driven ITOA, including real-world examples.
        










































    Subscribe to our blog
  
    Get notified about Moveworks’ latest posts.
 







































Solutions


Customers


Resources


Blog


Sitemap




Platform


Platform overview


Moveworks API


System status




Company


About us


Newsroom


Contact us


Careers



 
































































































image/svg+xml


    ©2023 Moveworks, Inc.
  

Privacy policies
















close modal















































