





Moveworks and Microsoft Teams: Adding Instant Support for Employees




















































































Skip to content




Forrester names Moveworks a leader in Chatbot for IT operations. Read the report today.
Moveworks named a Forrester leader in Chatbot for IT operations. 













main menu







Search for...













Home
Platform

Product Overview
How it Works
LLM Stack
Enterprise Copilot
Creator Studio
Employee Experience Insights
Moveworks API
Multilingual Support
Triage
Integration Partners
Performance Dashboards





Solutions

IT
IT Service Desk
IT Service Management
Self Service
HR
HR Service Desk
Employee Onboarding
Facilities
Finance
Employee Communications
Cost Reduction
Identity Access Management
Knowledge Management
Multilingual Support

Customer Stories
Resources

Resource Center
Blog
Help Center

Company

About us
Careers
Newsroom
Contact us
Trust











Demo request
skip to content






















See Moveworks in action.
Schedule a meeting with a Moveworks representative and learn how we can help reduce employee issue resolution from days to seconds.






        First Name *
      







        Last Name *
      







        Email *
      







        Company *
      







        Phone
      







        How did you hear about us? *
      









By checking this box, I agree to receive company news and updates. Learn more in the Privacy Policy.








Thank you.
A member of the Moveworks team will be in touch within the next 24 hours.


  Close this modal
  





  Go back
  
back to form




back to tab selection



























Moveworks and Microsoft Teams: Adding instant support to the hub for teamwork









Bhavin Shah, CEO and Founder











 June 9, 2020











linkedin
      






facebook
      






twitter
      






email
      















































With Microsoft Teams, you can already collaborate from anywhere, share files with all the right colleagues, and go from chat to video conference at the touch of a button. Now, you can also resolve your support issues, instantly, without ever leaving Teams.

That’s because Moveworks is today announcing its partnership with Microsoft to transform Teams into an autonomous support channel. Employees can submit their IT, HR, Finance, and Facilities issues straight to the Moveworks chatbot in Teams using natural language, which our AI analyzes to deliver the best resolution. From troubleshooting problems, to software requests, to work-from-home questions, and much more, issues that take days for help desk agents to solve can now be solved in seconds — with Moveworks on Teams.

“The Moveworks integration will now allow our joint customers to empower their employees to use Microsoft Teams to resolve their most critical support issues, instantly and autonomously.”
Bhrighu Sareen, Corporate Vice President, Microsoft Teams

An outdated status quo  
Teams connects coworkers regardless of their physical location, since it brings together all the relevant resources and project participants on a single tool. As a result, the shift to working from home has rendered Teams more critical than ever before. The companies thriving during this period have prioritized the real-time interactions that collaboration hubs make possible — interactions that happen naturally in the office, but which prove difficult to replicate on conventional channels like email. 
Yet when it comes to support, most companies have not implemented this kind of real-time approach, meaning their employees still rely on such conventional channels. Whether these employees email the help desk or try to track down the appropriate form, agents must read through thousands of support requests, before determining which among hundreds of specialized assignment groups can help. The assignment group then emails back and forth with the submitter, often passing the issue off to other groups along the way. It’s a process that takes days, sometimes weeks, to conclude — hindering knowledge workers who depend on their accounts and devices to stay productive while remote.
Staying productive from anywhere 
Enter Moveworks, which brings the real-time interactivity of Teams to employee support. Moveworks applies machine learning and natural language understanding (NLU) to automate every step of the support process, eliminating the delays caused by back-and-forth emails between agent and submitter. The Moveworks bot in Teams is unique in fulfilling many support requests without any agent intervention, via deep integrations with enterprise systems:

Microsoft Active Directory for identity and access management
Microsoft Office 365 for creating and editing distribution lists
Microsoft SharePoint for knowledge
Microsoft System Center Orchestrator for automating workflows
ITSM platforms such as ServiceNow, Jira, and Zendesk for tracking requests

The Moveworks bot currently resolves more than 40% of all IT support issues at dozens of large enterprises, while our machine learning models continue to improve with every conversation. More than 250 million support tickets' worth of training later, Moveworks is handling issues like provisioning software right in chat:

And ordering devices with just a few keystrokes:

No matter where you are, no matter when you need help, and no matter how you ask, Moveworks is there to understand your issue and resolve it within seconds.
Driving Teams adoption organically
Given the increasing importance of collaboration hubs, a key benefit of adding Moveworks to Teams is the bot’s proven track record of organically driving up Teams adoption. This was the experience that Equinix — the world’s largest interconnection and colocation platform — had when sunsetting Skype for Business.

Greg Ogle, Equinix’s Vice President of Global IT Infrastructure, and his team needed to convince employees to quickly transition from Skype to Teams. As an incentive, they made Moveworks available exclusively in Teams, with the Moveworks chatbot sending employees notifications about their tech issues that led them straight to the new tool. While total employee adoption of Skype never exceeded 25%, adoption of Teams skyrocketed to 75% before Skype was shut down. And thanks in part to Moveworks, Teams adoption rose to more than 90% by the end of last year. Check out the full case study here.

“Leveraging the bot helped with our transition to Teams across the company. By the time we finally did shut down Skype, it was a non-event. If you’re a Teams shop, Moveworks can extend the platform and bring it new life.”
Greg Ogle, VP of Global IT Infrastructure, Equinix

The future of employee support
As companies embrace the shift to working from home, Teams has become pivotal to workflows across departments and across industries, allowing employees to maintain their productivity and their connections on a unified platform. Moveworks simply lets them get that work done faster, turning days of back-and-forths with the help desk into seconds of painless conversation on Teams. Indeed, even after the world no longer needs to work remotely, this more efficient way of doing business will become the new normal. 
The Moveworks and Teams integration signals a decline in button-clicking tasks for service desks and support teams — freeing up manpower for more rewarding, more impactful digital transformation projects. And crucially, that time savings isn’t limited to the issues that AI resolves from end-to-end. At Equinix, for example, Moveworks triages over 3,000 tickets per week on average, which saves the help desk from having to read and route each and every one. 
Less than a year after launching the bot, Equinix has already witnessed a 32% reduction in the average IT ticket’s lifespan — a figure which continues to climb as Moveworks gets smarter. At Equinix and beyond, the Moveworks integration with Teams allows companies to resolve support issues even faster, and for even more employees.


Contact Moveworks to demo and deploy our AI chatbot in your Teams environment.











news


































More blog posts








How to unlock continual service improvement with AIOps


          Discover how AIOps transforms IT operations from reactive to proactive. Understand the AIOps revolution and shift from firefighters to innovators.
        














How conversational AI can drive mission success for the public sector


          Learn how AI & automation can immediately provide ROI and elevate service experience at scale for federal and state government and the public sector as a whole.
        














Generative AI should be your #1 priority: Key takeaways from the Forrester Technology & Innovation Summit


          3 key takeaways from the Forrester Technology & Innovation Summit: 1. Make generative AI your #1 priority. 2. Balance Risk 3. Deploy Copilots. Read the recap.
        














How conversational AI is transforming healthcare


          Conversational AI is improving healthcare delivery by automating tasks, surfacing knowledge, and supporting staff. Learn how leading providers use this technology.
        














How Moveworks uses LLMs to create a seamless conversational AI experience


          From spelling correction to intent classification, get to know the large language models that power Moveworks' conversational AI platform.
        














How AI is changing IT operations analytics


          AI is transforming IT operations analytics (ITOA). Here are the key benefits and challenges of implementing AI-driven ITOA, including real-world examples.
        










































    Subscribe to our blog
  
    Get notified about Moveworks’ latest posts.
 







































Solutions


Customers


Resources


Blog


Sitemap




Platform


Platform overview


Moveworks API


System status




Company


About us


Newsroom


Contact us


Careers



 
































































































image/svg+xml


    ©2023 Moveworks, Inc.
  

Privacy policies
















close modal















































