Moveworks chatbot app on Microsoft AppSource or Teams store
Skip to content
Forrester names Moveworks a leader in Chatbot for IT operations. Read the report today.
Moveworks named a Forrester leader in Chatbot for IT operations. 
main menu
Search for...
Home
Platform
Product Overview
How it Works
LLM Stack
Enterprise Copilot
Creator Studio
Employee Experience Insights
Moveworks API
Multilingual Support
Triage
Integration Partners
Performance Dashboards
Solutions
IT
IT Service Desk
IT Service Management
Self Service
HR
HR Service Desk
Employee Onboarding
Facilities
Finance
Employee Communications
Cost Reduction
Identity Access Management
Knowledge Management
Multilingual Support
Customer Stories
Resources
Resource Center
Blog
Help Center
Company
About us
Careers
Newsroom
Contact us
Trust
Demo request
skip to content
See Moveworks in action.
Schedule a meeting with a Moveworks representative and learn how we can help reduce employee issue resolution from days to seconds.
        First Name *
        Last Name *
        Email *
        Company *
        Phone
        How did you hear about us? *
By checking this box, I agree to receive company news and updates. Learn more in the Privacy Policy.
Thank you.
A member of the Moveworks team will be in touch within the next 24 hours.
  Close this modal
  Go back
back to form
back to tab selection
Advanced AI, available on the app store: Adding Moveworks to Microsoft Teams is now easier than ever
Bhavin Shah, CEO and Founder
 September 28, 2020
linkedin
facebook
twitter
email
If you’re an IT leader, you know that most useful technology takes way too much of your time to build, deploy, and maintain. And unless you happen to have a team of world-class AI experts on hand, this do-it-yourself model makes truly game-changing technology seem out of reach.
At Moveworks, we’ve built a conversational AI chatbot that assists employees to instantly resolve their IT issues within Microsoft Teams — without forcing you to hire your own AI experts. We build, deploy, and maintain the hundreds of machine learning models that power our bot in-house, which means your help desk’s workload starts disappearing on day one.
Now, the Moveworks chatbot app is available for customers to install directly from either Microsoft AppSource or the Teams store. Going from implementation to impact with enterprise AI has never been easier.
“By helping to quickly resolve employees’ IT issues within Microsoft Teams, Moveworks allows companies to work faster. And in a world that now relies on technology to collaborate, it’s never been more critical to provide real-time, location-agnostic tech help.”
Mike Ammerlaan, Director, Microsoft 365 Ecosystem at Microsoft
End-to-end IT resolutions on Teams
Provision software Unlock accounts Deliver answers Create email lists Triage IT tickets
In the past, fully deploying our bot took eight weeks, but with the Moveworks chatbot app now available from Microsoft AppSource, you can shrink that time-to-value even further — thanks to these added capabilities:
Rapidly roll out the bot to your workforce
Access the latest Moveworks features on Teams faster
Build your custom bot avatar, alongside our design team
Easily contact Moveworks for rapid assistance
For enterprise Teams customers like Equinix, Moveworks has significantly enhanced the Teams platform in two distinct ways. First, Moveworks allows Equinix employees already using Teams to fix their tech problems — from accessing software to editing email lists to unlocking accounts — via quick, painless conversations with our chatbot. And second, Moveworks intercepts IT issues submitted through other channels and then resolves those issues on Teams, bringing new users to the platform. 
You can read Equinix’s success story here on Microsoft.com.
Bringing new users to Microsoft Teams
Building a unified virtual workplace
Particularly in this new normal of remote work, the ability to remain productive anywhere and anytime defines successful employees. But without a physical office or access to in-person help, these employees often don’t know where to find critical resources.
With Teams, however, every key team member, workflow, and file is consolidated in a single place. And by adding Moveworks to Teams, getting IT support is just as simple.
“Microsoft Teams is a powerful platform, and Moveworks makes it even more valuable. It’s a symbiotic relationship.”Greg Ogle, VP of Global IT Infrastructure, Equinix
Contact Moveworks to demo and deploy our AI chatbot in your Teams environment.
news
More blog posts
How to unlock continual service improvement with AIOps
          Discover how AIOps transforms IT operations from reactive to proactive. Understand the AIOps revolution and shift from firefighters to innovators.
How conversational AI can drive mission success for the public sector
          Learn how AI & automation can immediately provide ROI and elevate service experience at scale for federal and state government and the public sector as a whole.
Generative AI should be your #1 priority: Key takeaways from the Forrester Technology & Innovation Summit
          3 key takeaways from the Forrester Technology & Innovation Summit: 1. Make generative AI your #1 priority. 2. Balance Risk 3. Deploy Copilots. Read the recap.
How conversational AI is transforming healthcare
          Conversational AI is improving healthcare delivery by automating tasks, surfacing knowledge, and supporting staff. Learn how leading providers use this technology.
How Moveworks uses LLMs to create a seamless conversational AI experience
          From spelling correction to intent classification, get to know the large language models that power Moveworks' conversational AI platform.
How AI is changing IT operations analytics
          AI is transforming IT operations analytics (ITOA). Here are the key benefits and challenges of implementing AI-driven ITOA, including real-world examples.
    Subscribe to our blog
    Get notified about Moveworks’ latest posts.
Solutions
Customers
Resources
Blog
Sitemap
Platform
Platform overview
Moveworks API
System status
Company
About us
Newsroom
Contact us
Careers
image/svg+xml
    ©2023 Moveworks, Inc.
Privacy policies
close modal