Moveworks' Total Economic Impact™ by Forrester | Moveworks
Skip to content
Forrester names Moveworks a leader in Chatbot for IT operations. Read the report today.
Moveworks named a Forrester leader in Chatbot for IT operations. 
main menu
Search for...
Home
Platform
Product Overview
How it Works
LLM Stack
Enterprise Copilot
Creator Studio
Employee Experience Insights
Moveworks API
Multilingual Support
Triage
Integration Partners
Performance Dashboards
Solutions
IT
IT Service Desk
IT Service Management
Self Service
HR
HR Service Desk
Employee Onboarding
Facilities
Finance
Employee Communications
Cost Reduction
Identity Access Management
Knowledge Management
Multilingual Support
Customer Stories
Resources
Resource Center
Blog
Help Center
Company
About us
Careers
Newsroom
Contact us
Trust
Demo request
skip to content
See Moveworks in action.
Schedule a meeting with a Moveworks representative and learn how we can help reduce employee issue resolution from days to seconds.
        First Name *
        Last Name *
        Email *
        Company *
        Phone
        How did you hear about us? *
By checking this box, I agree to receive company news and updates. Learn more in the Privacy Policy.
Thank you.
A member of the Moveworks team will be in touch within the next 24 hours.
  Close this modal
  Go back
back to form
back to tab selection
Total Economic Impact™ study finds Moveworks delivered a 256% ROI
Varun Singh, Co-Founder and President
 June 6, 2023
linkedin
facebook
twitter
email
In 2023, thriving businesses are focused on resilience. 
To succeed in this dynamic business environment, leaders must prioritize investments in solutions addressing core challenges to drive growth. One such challenge across most organizations is inadequate employee support extending across various departments — including IT, HR, finance, and facilities.
Enter Moveworks, a conversational AI interface designed to streamline complex enterprise systems and efficiently address support needs. Moveworks offers out-of-the-box solutions for IT, HR, finance, facilities, and more and the ability to build custom use cases. 
To showcase the advantages of incorporating Moveworks into any enterprise environment, we commissioned Forrester Consulting to conduct a Total Economic Impact™ (TEI) study, evaluating the potential ROI organizations can achieve with our out-of-the-box solutions. The study compiles the experiences of five rapidly growing companies that struggled with escalating support desk requests and increasing costs due to limited self-service options for employees.
Focusing primarily on Moveworks' solutions for IT and HR, the study revealed a three-year ROI of 256%. The study assumes the composite organization has Moveworks for IT, Moveworks for HR, and Employee Comms in place with around 30,000 employees, growing at 3% annually. The composite organization saw benefits of $11.5 million over three years, uncovering the significant footprint Moveworks leaves on modern businesses.
The TEI study's results clearly define our solution's tangible benefits — ultimately positioning Moveworks as a valuable partner for companies looking to boost resilience and growth.
Without further ado, here are the highlights of the study. It found that Moveworks:  
Resolved up to 60% of recurring IT problems instantly
Saved 90,000 productive hours annually 
Reduced $2.2 million in HR service costs
Contributed to nearly $2.1 million in additional productivity savings by streamlining employee communication and expediting approvals
And more…
Watch our webinar with Forrester for a deep dive. 
Support employees instantly and at scale
Quickly resolving employee IT problems is essential for any organization. 
With Moveworks, up to 60% of recurring IT problems were resolved instantly — leading to service desk cost savings of nearly $3.7 million over three years.
The key to achieving this level of support efficiency lies in our AI. Moveworks has a robust, sophisticated natural language understanding (NLU) engine trained on 500+ million support issues that recognizes 99% of enterprise support requests out of the box. Instead of following a pre-programmed path, it analyzes conversational context to seamlessly shift between topics and generate the right dialogue on the fly.
No matter how, or in what language, employees describe their problems, our bot gets the message and then acts accordingly — providing precise answers to employees’ questions directly in chat.
Figure 1: Moveworks understand what employees need, no matter how they ask.
Save employees’ time and energy
Automating support with AI boosts efficiency and drives savings. 
By automating and accelerating support, users across IT, HR, finance, and approval use cases reclaimed nearly 90,000 productive hours annually, generating nearly $3.6 million in productivity savings over three years. 
The key to realizing these savings is integrating and connecting apps, systems, workflows, and automations across departments. Harnessing hundreds of machine learning models, our platform evolves with your support ecosystem, offering a rich chat experience and a single conversational interface that resolves employees' issues promptly. 
Figure 2: Moveworks connects disparate apps and workflows across domains, allowing users to access support in a single conversational interface.
Maximize your valuable budget
Implementing AI as part of your cost-reduction strategy equips the service desk to succeed in today's economy while fostering an efficient, cost-effective support organization.
The TEI study found Moveworks delivered significant savings by streamlining internal HR services through AI, up to $2.2 million over three years.
These cost savings result from consolidating all support services under a single AI umbrella. AI automation handles tedious, repetitive tasks, freeing employees to concentrate on strategic, high-value work. This approach not only boosts productivity but also enables employees to gain higher-value skills and reduces overall support costs. 
Ultimately, Moveworks enables support teams to avoid time-consuming, low-value tasks while delivering higher-quality service to employees and customers.
Figure 3: HR can create a wonderfully positive work environment — but only if they’re not constantly dealing with time-consuming, routine issues. AI can step in, answering questions in seconds and sending info proactively.
Accelerate communication and approvals
Moveworks enables organizations to accelerate communication and approvals, substantially improving their overall productivity. 
By leveraging the platform's ability to support organizational changes and initiatives, users streamlined employee communication, expedited approvals, and contributed to nearly $2.1 million in additional productivity savings over three years.
Moveworks helps craft targeted, actionable messages that resonate with employees based on location and department, ensuring increased engagement. With built-in and customizable proactive notifications to handle potential issues, such as account lockouts and expiring passwords, these timely messages empower employees to take action directly from chat while addressing any follow-up questions. And with detailed insights into user engagement, Moveworks enables organizations to run increasingly effective campaigns that drive change while keeping employees informed. 
Figure 4: Moveworks offers visibility into how employees engage with campaigns. 
Unlock the full potential of AI with Moveworks
Moveworks provides not only quantitative benefits but also delivers valuable qualitative advantages, such as an improved employee experience, cost-effective scalability, increased knowledge visibility, potential for higher revenue, and the ability to upskill support agents. 
Here’s a selection of key results revealed by individual interviewees in this study:
Employee experience: Streamlining IT assistance at one organization reduced frustrations and created a better work environment, as evidenced by a notable decrease in password reset-related IT tickets from 62% to 28%.
Cost-effective scalability: A participant notes that Moveworks helped support growth without high costs from automating processes, resulting in monthly savings of $13,000 from automatic triaging and ticket assignment.
Increased self-service support: By making relevant information easily accessible, Moveworks enables employees at one company to resolve their issues quickly, contributing to a 65% reduction in tier-one support calls within a year.
Potential for higher revenue: Improved efficiency and productivity pave the way for revenue growth, as seen in an organization within the manufacturing industry, which saved $2.2 million in the first year.
Up-skilling employees: Implementing Moveworks at one organization led to the repurposing of 19 outsourced service desk staff as their monthly IT support calls decreased by a staggering 95%, allowing employees to focus on higher-value tasks.
This study clearly demonstrates that conversational AI has evolved from a nice-to-have to an essential tool for successful businesses. Forrester’s results prove this substantial shift, showcasing how conversational AI technology dramatically impacts organizations beyond merely improving the employee experience.
Conversational AI empowers employees to concentrate on strategic tasks that propel the business forward by significantly enhancing efficiency, raising productivity levels, and liberating valuable time. As a result, AI-driven support services have become an essential component in the development and progress of modern enterprises.
Read the full study from Forrester now. 
Watch our webinar for a deep dive. 
news
More blog posts
How to unlock continual service improvement with AIOps
          Discover how AIOps transforms IT operations from reactive to proactive. Understand the AIOps revolution and shift from firefighters to innovators.
How conversational AI can drive mission success for the public sector
          Learn how AI & automation can immediately provide ROI and elevate service experience at scale for federal and state government and the public sector as a whole.
Generative AI should be your #1 priority: Key takeaways from the Forrester Technology & Innovation Summit
          3 key takeaways from the Forrester Technology & Innovation Summit: 1. Make generative AI your #1 priority. 2. Balance Risk 3. Deploy Copilots. Read the recap.
How conversational AI is transforming healthcare
          Conversational AI is improving healthcare delivery by automating tasks, surfacing knowledge, and supporting staff. Learn how leading providers use this technology.
How Moveworks uses LLMs to create a seamless conversational AI experience
          From spelling correction to intent classification, get to know the large language models that power Moveworks' conversational AI platform.
How AI is changing IT operations analytics
          AI is transforming IT operations analytics (ITOA). Here are the key benefits and challenges of implementing AI-driven ITOA, including real-world examples.
    Subscribe to our blog
    Get notified about Moveworks’ latest posts.
Solutions
Customers
Resources
Blog
Sitemap
Platform
Platform overview
Moveworks API
System status
Company
About us
Newsroom
Contact us
Careers
image/svg+xml
    ©2023 Moveworks, Inc.
Privacy policies
close modal