Moveworks Named A Leader In Forrester New Wave | Moveworks
Skip to content
Forrester names Moveworks a leader in Chatbot for IT operations. Read the report today.
Moveworks named a Forrester leader in Chatbot for IT operations. 
main menu
Search for...
Home
Platform
Product Overview
How it Works
LLM Stack
Enterprise Copilot
Creator Studio
Employee Experience Insights
Moveworks API
Multilingual Support
Triage
Integration Partners
Performance Dashboards
Solutions
IT
IT Service Desk
IT Service Management
Self Service
HR
HR Service Desk
Employee Onboarding
Facilities
Finance
Employee Communications
Cost Reduction
Identity Access Management
Knowledge Management
Multilingual Support
Customer Stories
Resources
Resource Center
Blog
Help Center
Company
About us
Careers
Newsroom
Contact us
Trust
Demo request
skip to content
See Moveworks in action.
Schedule a meeting with a Moveworks representative and learn how we can help reduce employee issue resolution from days to seconds.
        First Name *
        Last Name *
        Email *
        Company *
        Phone
        How did you hear about us? *
By checking this box, I agree to receive company news and updates. Learn more in the Privacy Policy.
Thank you.
A member of the Moveworks team will be in touch within the next 24 hours.
  Close this modal
  Go back
back to form
back to tab selection
Moveworks named a leader in Forrester New Wave: Chatbots for IT Operations
Varun Singh, VP Product 
 November 5, 2020
linkedin
facebook
twitter
email
Read the full report
Moveworks is proud to be named a leader in The Forrester New Wave™: Chatbots for IT Operations, Q4 2020.
In its latest report, published today, Forrester comprehensively evaluates the top IT chatbots with respect to a number of different criteria. Forrester recognizes Moveworks as among the top vendors who “lead the pack” in providing automated support to our enterprise customers.
“Moveworks’ platform allows customers to quickly adopt an IT help desk chatbot with limited development required, leading to fast time-to-deflection and easy integration into your existing IT systems.”The Forrester New Wave™: Chatbots for IT Operations, Q4 2020
What we believe sets Moveworks apart is our unique approach to IT support. Rather than simply tracking IT issues or providing recommendations, Moveworks resolves those issues end-to-end — completely autonomously — by integrating with other enterprise software.
Forrester evaluated a number of specific criteria, which are graded on a scale from “needs improvement” to “on par” to “differentiated.” Moveworks received differentiated scores in five such criteria: chatbot readiness, architecture and integrations, optimization and analytics, vision, and market approach.
Here’s what Forrester’s findings mean for our customers:
Rapid time-to-value
For companies looking to automate IT support with a chatbot, the first consideration is time-to-value: how long it takes to get results. Conventional “chatbot toolboxes” require IT teams to manually build scripts and dialog flows over the course of several months — then continue to adjust those workflows as the IT environment evolves. This manual approach to building a chatbot simply cannot scale.
So what does it mean to be differentiated when it comes to chatbot readiness? By leveraging a combination of advanced conversational AI and natural language understanding (NLU), Moveworks starts resolving IT issues on day one, without any training or scripting for the customer. The Forrester report states that “Moveworks provides significant pre-built assets, such as language and workflow,” which allow IT teams to dramatically accelerate the bot’s deployment and impact.
“You don’t have to have a huge team to implement Moveworks or worry about a long learning curve. It’s all implemented by Moveworks, and it’s done quickly and easily.”Andy Nallappan, CIO, Broadcom
Connecting the entire IT ecosystem
The purpose of an IT chatbot is to provide a single interface for employees to resolve all support issues, from requesting software to resetting passwords to finding the right knowledge article. With this goal in mind, Moveworks has created deep integrations with dozens of enterprise systems — and we’re excited that Forrester gave us a differentiated score in the criterion of architecture and integrations. Our platform takes autonomous action within these systems, allowing employees to self-service their IT issues directly through the bot.
Of course, for a chatbot to effectively resolve employees’ support issues, the IT team needs visibility over which issues the bot doesn’t currently address. That’s why we’re proud to have also earned a differentiated score in the optimization and analytics criterion. Our performance insights dashboards provide almost 100 charts and metrics that track our chatbot’s impact in real time, allowing IT teams to rapidly identify and fill gaps in their bot’s existing coverage.
“Moveworks is this simple, magical UI that talks to users and gets them answers right away, and connects to the complex backend systems that users don’t need to experience.”Richard Chao, Senior IT Manager, Stitch Fix
Validating our vision
When we founded Moveworks in 2016, we shared a single vision: empower employees around the world to focus on impactful work. We’ve spent the last four years building an AI chatbot that resolves employees’ tech issues — instantly and autonomously — to make that vision a reality.
So while the Forrester report rated Moveworks as differentiated with respect to several important criteria, we’re most excited about the differentiated score we received in the vision criterion. Our chatbot has already transformed the IT support process for customers like Slack, Autodesk, and Hearst. But despite what we’ve accomplished, and despite this recognition from Forrester, we know the best is yet to come.
Download the Forrester New Wave™: Chatbots for IT Operations, Q4 2020 here.
Contact  Moveworks to learn how AI can supercharge your workforce productivity.
news
More blog posts
How to unlock continual service improvement with AIOps
          Discover how AIOps transforms IT operations from reactive to proactive. Understand the AIOps revolution and shift from firefighters to innovators.
How conversational AI can drive mission success for the public sector
          Learn how AI & automation can immediately provide ROI and elevate service experience at scale for federal and state government and the public sector as a whole.
Generative AI should be your #1 priority: Key takeaways from the Forrester Technology & Innovation Summit
          3 key takeaways from the Forrester Technology & Innovation Summit: 1. Make generative AI your #1 priority. 2. Balance Risk 3. Deploy Copilots. Read the recap.
How conversational AI is transforming healthcare
          Conversational AI is improving healthcare delivery by automating tasks, surfacing knowledge, and supporting staff. Learn how leading providers use this technology.
How Moveworks uses LLMs to create a seamless conversational AI experience
          From spelling correction to intent classification, get to know the large language models that power Moveworks' conversational AI platform.
How AI is changing IT operations analytics
          AI is transforming IT operations analytics (ITOA). Here are the key benefits and challenges of implementing AI-driven ITOA, including real-world examples.
    Subscribe to our blog
    Get notified about Moveworks’ latest posts.
Solutions
Customers
Resources
Blog
Sitemap
Platform
Platform overview
Moveworks API
System status
Company
About us
Newsroom
Contact us
Careers
image/svg+xml
    ©2023 Moveworks, Inc.
Privacy policies
close modal