Multilingual chatbot built to support global teams | Moveworks
Skip to content
Forrester names Moveworks a leader in Chatbot for IT operations. Read the report today.
Moveworks named a Forrester leader in Chatbot for IT operations. 
main menu
Search for...
Home
Platform
Product Overview
How it Works
LLM Stack
Enterprise Copilot
Creator Studio
Employee Experience Insights
Moveworks API
Multilingual Support
Triage
Integration Partners
Performance Dashboards
Solutions
IT
IT Service Desk
IT Service Management
Self Service
HR
HR Service Desk
Employee Onboarding
Facilities
Finance
Employee Communications
Cost Reduction
Identity Access Management
Knowledge Management
Multilingual Support
Customer Stories
Resources
Resource Center
Blog
Help Center
Company
About us
Careers
Newsroom
Contact us
Trust
Demo request
skip to content
See Moveworks in action.
Schedule a meeting with a Moveworks representative and learn how we can help reduce employee issue resolution from days to seconds.
        First Name *
        Last Name *
        Email *
        Company *
        Phone
        How did you hear about us? *
By checking this box, I agree to receive company news and updates. Learn more in the Privacy Policy.
Thank you.
A member of the Moveworks team will be in touch within the next 24 hours.
  Close this modal
  Go back
back to form
back to tab selection
    Moveworks is Multilingual 
The only AI platform built to support global teams.
Every employee deserves instant support, no matter what language they speak. With Moveworks, employees get support in seconds — simply by asking for help in their native tongue. 
Most help desks struggle to support a global workforce: they process thousands of urgent requests from employees, at all hours of the day. But Moveworks resolves these requests in more than 100 languages, completely automatically, so your help desk can deliver high-speed support from Tokyo to Paris to Berlin.
SPA
ENG
POR
FRE
GER
ITA
CHN
KOR
JPN
    Support a Global Workforce. Instantly.
    Provides a seamless experience to every employee. 
Moveworks provides truly multilingual support to employees in their native language.
No training required: employees can get help just by asking. And when they switch languages, Moveworks adapts on a dime.
    Built to understand support issues in any language.
Moveworks is a one-stop shop for every employee to submit every issue — in every language. 
Our platform goes well beyond translation to interpret enterprise jargon, including conference room names, email groups, and company policies. It’s engineered to understand the way employees request help at work.
    Delivers personalized solutions to enable self-service.
Moveworks provides the right solution to employees’ requests, such as snippets from knowledge articles in the appropriate language.
Our platform ingests thousands of support resources, the moment they’re published, so employees don’t need to go digging for what they need.
    The only multilingual AI platform created for the enterprise
Moveworks has pioneered the first AI platform that engages employees in their native language, deeply understands their requests, and provides the right resources in real time.
Under the hood, we had to evolve the entire Moveworks Intelligence Engine™ to become multilingual:
Request a demo
     Multilingual conversations.No script needed.
Moveworks is designed to engage employees on their terms, without following a script. Now, our platform can switch languages and determine the ideal response on the fly — using machine learning models trained on more than 250 million support requests. 
Especially with a multilingual workforce, your support platform needs to hold dynamic conversations to resolve every unique issue. That’s why our conversation engine continuously learns from each interaction, allowing Moveworks to provide a simple, unscripted experience to employees around the world.
    An unprecedented understanding of language.
Moveworks uses advanced natural language understanding (NLU) to determine exactly what employees need. By building upon our deep knowledge of enterprise terminology, our platform can interpret requests however they’re phrased.
This level of NLU requires layers of machine learning models. Our approach allows Moveworks to detect languages with 98% accuracy, make sense of ambiguous entities, correct for grammar and spelling, and identify terms unique to each company.
    Personalized help across the globe.
Moveworks solves support issues end-to-end by scouring your company for the most useful solution — in the appropriate language. Our platform automatically ingests support resources the moment they’re live, then ranks them with probabilistic machine learning, based on their relevance for the employee. 
Support teams create knowledge articles that contain an incredible level of detail. To make that information accessible to employees, we evolved our semantic search system to find the relevant snippet of information across multiple languages.
    Scale instant support across the globe
        First Name
        Last Name
        Email *
        Company *
        Phone
By checking this box, I agree to receive company news and updates
Moveworks needs the contact information you provide to us to contact you about our products and services. You may unsubscribe from these communications at anytime. For information on how to unsubscribe, as well as our privacy practices and commitment to protecting your privacy, check out our Privacy Policy.
Got it!
 A member of the Moveworks team will contact you soon!
Solutions
Customers
Resources
Blog
Sitemap
Platform
Platform overview
Moveworks API
System status
Company
About us
Newsroom
Contact us
Careers
image/svg+xml
    ©2023 Moveworks, Inc.
Privacy policies
close modal