13 Things You Can Actually Do With Conversational AI | Moveworks
Skip to content
Forrester names Moveworks a leader in Chatbot for IT operations. Read the report today.
Moveworks named a Forrester leader in Chatbot for IT operations. 
main menu
Search for...
Home
Platform
Product Overview
How it Works
LLM Stack
Enterprise Copilot
Creator Studio
Employee Experience Insights
Moveworks API
Multilingual Support
Triage
Integration Partners
Performance Dashboards
Solutions
IT
IT Service Desk
IT Service Management
Self Service
HR
HR Service Desk
Employee Onboarding
Facilities
Finance
Employee Communications
Cost Reduction
Identity Access Management
Knowledge Management
Multilingual Support
Customer Stories
Resources
Resource Center
Blog
Help Center
Company
About us
Careers
Newsroom
Contact us
Trust
Demo request
skip to content
See Moveworks in action.
Schedule a meeting with a Moveworks representative and learn how we can help reduce employee issue resolution from days to seconds.
        First Name *
        Last Name *
        Email *
        Company *
        Phone
        How did you hear about us? *
By checking this box, I agree to receive company news and updates. Learn more in the Privacy Policy.
Thank you.
A member of the Moveworks team will be in touch within the next 24 hours.
  Close this modal
  Go back
back to form
back to tab selection
13 things you can actually do with conversational AI
Varun Singh, VP of Product
 March 30, 2022
linkedin
facebook
twitter
email
Everyone’s talking about conversational AI. Thought leader after thought leader is sounding off about the importance of investing in a slew of machine learning-powered tools, practically shouting from the rooftops about the transformational impact of AI-powered chatbots in the workplace.
Regardless of all the buzz around conversational AI, there’s little information out there on what it can actually do. Resources for creating your own conversational AI strategy or even details on everyday use cases are limited. 
Today, I’m here to show you that conversational AI is more than just a buzzword. It’s a powerful tool that can make an immediate impact across your organization. Companies like Palo Alto Networks and DocuSign are already using this technology to reshape every aspect of how their teams get help at work. The immediate, real-time support provided by conversational AI powers employee comms, offers insight into common issues, and much more — leaving employees more time to focus on higher impact work. So let me introduce you to a fraction of what’s possible with conversational AI on day one.
Conversational AI offers instant support
The power of conversational AI lies in its ability to respond dynamically. It isn’t limited by dialog flows or pre-scripted solutions. An AI-powered chatbot can help you perform complex, multistep tasks like setting up PTO, troubleshooting Adobe Acrobat, or submitting an expense report — without forcing you to learn a new interface. It immediately understands user requests and responds in seconds.
Troubleshoot common questions
A major reason employees reach out to their IT or HR team is just to get basic questions answered. Conversational AI can resolve common issues autonomously, freeing support teams up to address higher-priority work.
Provision software
With conversational AI, you can autonomously provision, or de-provision, the software your employees need to get work done. Instead of spending an hour on the phone with IT, they can ask a chatbot for access and receive a response in as little as seconds.
Manage permissions
Even the most capable support teams can find it difficult to keep track of hundreds of different users and all their permissions. When an employee asks for access to Tableau, a deeply integrated conversational AI can offer up a personalized solution, depending on that employee’s access level.
Unlock accounts
By integrating with identity management systems like Active Directory and Okta, conversational AI can proactively message employees to prevent lockouts and securely restore access with no help desk involvement.
Fill forms
Conversational AI makes it possible for employees to fill out and submit forms directly in their chat platform, using natural language. Filling forms — a process that once involved many different platforms and steps — can be completed quickly and conversationally.
Reset passwords
Large enterprises typically handle several thousand password issues every month. With conversational AI, employees can reset passwords by asking a chatbot for help, meaning thousands fewer IT tickets to worry about.
Accelerate approvals
Conversational AI can automatically route approvals to the right hands. Managers can easily accept or deny access using natural language, ensuring that employees get what they need, from software to PTO, quickly and securely.
Conversational AI inspires action
Companies use a range of strategies to communicate with their employees en masse, but usually it comes down to firing off a bunch of emails. Even if your people pay attention to their inboxes, this approach doesn’t make it easy for employees to ask follow-up questions provide information to your comms team on who’s acted and who hasn’t. Conversational AI flips the script, turning one-way messages into two-way conversations.
Answer follow-up questions
Employees will always have questions when their company launches a new policy or updates a security protocol. Whereas an email is a dead-end, when you send a message with a chatbot, you’re sending an expert capable of answering any follow-up questions.
Onboard new employees
On their first day at a job, new hires drown in information. By sending onboarding materials via a conversational chatbot, employees can start their jobs right — with the ability to prioritize top-of-mind questions on day one.
Send targeted follow-up messages
Your campaign doesn’t end after you send your message. Conversational AI offers visibility into your comm’s performance. When you know who’s seen it and who’s taken action, you can send a targeted reminder to ensure that the change you want to happen happens.
Conversational AI kickstarts improvement
Solving a support issue involves multiple conversations between employees and service desks. But when each issue is considered a unique, individual problem, it’s hard to see the big picture. By handling this back-and-forth over chat, conversational AI resolves issues faster, minimizing support wait times and, even more critically, offering unique insights into how to improve existing systems.
Proactively identify recurring issues
Every company has common support issues, from troubleshooting the VPN to getting a Zoom Pro license. AI can offer insight into the issues employees have so that your team can build the right resources and make it even easier for everyone to get the specific help they need.
Triage issues to the right experts
Many companies have hundreds or even thousands of assignment groups, meaning that service desk agents struggle to determine where to route issues. A chatbot solves common support issues instantly, but when expert help is needed — AI understands and routes requests to the right assignment group.
Automate the entire ticket lifecycle
Support tickets can take forever to solve because they involve multiple conversations between employees and service desks. But conversational AI handles back-and-forth autonomously. From updating employees to nudging agents to closing tickets, AI makes support seamless.
Conversational AI is limitless
I’ve only covered 13 conversational AI use cases here. But the applications are limitless. It makes it possible for support teams to completely eliminate common pain points, allowing new hires to ramp up quickly and long-time employees to grow.
Conversational AI isn’t just about automating onboarding tasks or expediting approvals. Rather, it allows support teams to make thousands of tiny improvements in real time, transforming the employee experience.
As more and more organizations recognize people as their greatest assets, company leaders have come to realize that they need to do more than drop buzzwords. They need to adopt the tools and technologies, including conversational AI, that kickstart an employee experience where problems are solved in seconds over simple conversation.
Request a demo to see the Moveworks' conversational AI in action.
More blog posts
How to unlock continual service improvement with AIOps
          Discover how AIOps transforms IT operations from reactive to proactive. Understand the AIOps revolution and shift from firefighters to innovators.
How conversational AI can drive mission success for the public sector
          Learn how AI & automation can immediately provide ROI and elevate service experience at scale for federal and state government and the public sector as a whole.
Generative AI should be your #1 priority: Key takeaways from the Forrester Technology & Innovation Summit
          3 key takeaways from the Forrester Technology & Innovation Summit: 1. Make generative AI your #1 priority. 2. Balance Risk 3. Deploy Copilots. Read the recap.
How conversational AI is transforming healthcare
          Conversational AI is improving healthcare delivery by automating tasks, surfacing knowledge, and supporting staff. Learn how leading providers use this technology.
How Moveworks uses LLMs to create a seamless conversational AI experience
          From spelling correction to intent classification, get to know the large language models that power Moveworks' conversational AI platform.
How AI is changing IT operations analytics
          AI is transforming IT operations analytics (ITOA). Here are the key benefits and challenges of implementing AI-driven ITOA, including real-world examples.
    Subscribe to our blog
    Get notified about Moveworks’ latest posts.
Solutions
Customers
Resources
Blog
Sitemap
Platform
Platform overview
Moveworks API
System status
Company
About us
Newsroom
Contact us
Careers
image/svg+xml
    ©2023 Moveworks, Inc.
Privacy policies
close modal