About Us | Moveworks
Skip to content
Forrester names Moveworks a leader in Chatbot for IT operations. Read the report today.
Moveworks named a Forrester leader in Chatbot for IT operations. 
main menu
Search for...
Home
Platform
Product Overview
How it Works
LLM Stack
Enterprise Copilot
Creator Studio
Employee Experience Insights
Moveworks API
Multilingual Support
Triage
Integration Partners
Performance Dashboards
Solutions
IT
IT Service Desk
IT Service Management
Self Service
HR
HR Service Desk
Employee Onboarding
Facilities
Finance
Employee Communications
Cost Reduction
Identity Access Management
Knowledge Management
Multilingual Support
Customer Stories
Resources
Resource Center
Blog
Help Center
Company
About us
Careers
Newsroom
Contact us
Trust
Demo request
skip to content
See Moveworks in action.
Schedule a meeting with a Moveworks representative and learn how we can help reduce employee issue resolution from days to seconds.
        First Name *
        Last Name *
        Email *
        Company *
        Phone
        How did you hear about us? *
By checking this box, I agree to receive company news and updates. Learn more in the Privacy Policy.
Thank you.
A member of the Moveworks team will be in touch within the next 24 hours.
  Close this modal
  Go back
back to form
back to tab selection
    About Moveworks
Moveworks is your generative copilot for work.
Employees have one secure conversational interface to take action, search for information, query data, receive notifications, and create content across hundreds of enterprise applications.
Brands like Broadcom, Docusign, Databricks, and Palo Alto Networks use Moveworks' GPT-class models, AI-powered analytics, developer tools for custom use cases, and hundreds of integrations to bring conversational automation to all aspects of their business
Platform
Our platform uses advanced conversational AI in three powerful ways. First, it understands exactly what employees need, no matter how they ask. Next, it handles the natural flow of conversation without following a script. Finally, it integrates with your entire tech stack meaning it delivers the most relevant solution — automatically, with zero maintenance from your team.
Platform page
Moveworks named in the forbes cloud 100
Customers
We partner with the world’s most innovative companies. Learn how Palo Alto Networks, Slack, Wellstar, LoanDepot, and more receive tangible ROI with Moveworks.
Meet our customers
        Our people
Our award-winning culture gives you the trust and resources to do the best work of your career.
        Join us
Our founders
  Bhavin Shah
Co-founder & CEO
    expand
Bhavin Shah is the CEO and Co-Founder of Moveworks. He is a serial entrepreneur with two decades of experience taking companies from inception to scale and from private to public. Prior to Moveworks, he was CEO of Refresh.io, which LinkedIn acquired in 2015.
Shah has a Master’s degree in Education, Technology, and Business from Stanford University and a B.S. in Computer Science from the University of California, San Diego.
  Vaibhav Nivargi
Co-founder & CTO
    expand
Vaibhav Nivargi is the CTO and Co-Founder of Moveworks, where he leads the engineering organization. Prior to Moveworks, Nivargi founded ClearStory Data, a big data and analytics company, and was also one of the early engineers at Aster Data, a pioneering big data company acquired in 2011. 
Nivargi has a Master’s degree in Computer Science from Stanford University.
  Varun Singh
Co-founder & President
    expand
Varun Singh is Vice President of Product and Co-Founder of Moveworks. Prior to Moveworks, Singh was Lead Product Manager at Facebook, where he built enterprise software that helped Facebook scale through a combination of data, machine learning, and chatbots.
Singh has a Ph.D. in Engineering and Design Optimization from the University of Maryland, College Park, and a Master’s degree in Engineering and Applied Mathematics from UCLA.
  Jiang Chen
Co-founder & CTO, AI
    expand
Jiang Chen is Vice President of Machine Learning and Co-Founder of Moveworks. With more than a decade of experience in engineering leadership roles at Google, Airbnb, and Yahoo!, Chen has built breakthrough information retrieval systems, which leverage machine learning to provide optimized search results to billions of users. 
Chen holds a Ph.D. in Computer Science from Yale University.
Our investors
More about Moveworks
Blog
Get the latest actionable insights on employee support, cost reduction, and the future of conversational AI.
Moveworks Blog
Press
Explore external coverage, and press releases related to Moveworks news and announcements
Newsroom
Solutions
Customers
Resources
Blog
Sitemap
Platform
Platform overview
Moveworks API
System status
Company
About us
Newsroom
Contact us
Careers
image/svg+xml
    ©2023 Moveworks, Inc.
Privacy policies
close modal