Moveworks Opens A New Office In Austin, Texas
Skip to content
Forrester names Moveworks a leader in Chatbot for IT operations. Read the report today.
Moveworks named a Forrester leader in Chatbot for IT operations. 
main menu
Search for...
Home
Platform
Product Overview
How it Works
LLM Stack
Enterprise Copilot
Creator Studio
Employee Experience Insights
Moveworks API
Multilingual Support
Triage
Integration Partners
Performance Dashboards
Solutions
IT
IT Service Desk
IT Service Management
Self Service
HR
HR Service Desk
Employee Onboarding
Facilities
Finance
Employee Communications
Cost Reduction
Identity Access Management
Knowledge Management
Multilingual Support
Customer Stories
Resources
Resource Center
Blog
Help Center
Company
About us
Careers
Newsroom
Contact us
Trust
Demo request
skip to content
See Moveworks in action.
Schedule a meeting with a Moveworks representative and learn how we can help reduce employee issue resolution from days to seconds.
        First Name *
        Last Name *
        Email *
        Company *
        Phone
        How did you hear about us? *
By checking this box, I agree to receive company news and updates. Learn more in the Privacy Policy.
Thank you.
A member of the Moveworks team will be in touch within the next 24 hours.
  Close this modal
  Go back
back to form
back to tab selection
Moveworks opens a new office in Austin, Texas
Bhavin Shah, CEO and Founder
 September 15, 2021
linkedin
facebook
twitter
email
I’m excited to announce a major milestone in our expansion strategy. Today, we’re officially opening a new office in Austin, Texas!
Austin is among the nation’s fastest-growing hubs for technology companies and top talent. And given our own rapid expansion at Moveworks, we’ll establish a significant presence in the area — allowing us to attract highly skilled and passionate people. Ultimately, the Austin location isn’t just an office; it’s a home base. It’s already bustling with more than 20 full-time Moveworks employees and will expand to 40-plus by the end of 2021. 
In fact, we plan to build entire teams in Austin, encouraging close collaboration while providing opportunities for career progression. Our Austin office is available for use by fully vaccinated employees, and we have policies in place to ensure a safe working environment. We’re thrilled to invest in our Austin team because, with their leadership, we’ll bring instant help to every employee on the planet.
This new office also allows us to support our many customers in the South — as they, in turn, support their employees using our platform. Our Customer Success team there will strengthen Moveworks’ commitment to ensuring customers get the most out of our platform, which sometimes requires meeting in person. 
Across the board, developing our presence in Austin is critical to our growth strategy, especially when it comes to helping our customers and attracting world-class talent. Over the past year, Moveworks more than doubled in size, scaling from 130 employees to around 300. This new Austin office will accelerate that momentum, enabling us to support both our customers and our employees no matter where they are. 
Named one of Inc.'s Best Workplaces of 2021, Moveworks is proud to be a company that puts people first. We’re hiring across every department — both in Austin and around the world. 
Come join our team!
Visit Careers to see open positions and apply now!
news
More blog posts
How to unlock continual service improvement with AIOps
          Discover how AIOps transforms IT operations from reactive to proactive. Understand the AIOps revolution and shift from firefighters to innovators.
How conversational AI can drive mission success for the public sector
          Learn how AI & automation can immediately provide ROI and elevate service experience at scale for federal and state government and the public sector as a whole.
Generative AI should be your #1 priority: Key takeaways from the Forrester Technology & Innovation Summit
          3 key takeaways from the Forrester Technology & Innovation Summit: 1. Make generative AI your #1 priority. 2. Balance Risk 3. Deploy Copilots. Read the recap.
How conversational AI is transforming healthcare
          Conversational AI is improving healthcare delivery by automating tasks, surfacing knowledge, and supporting staff. Learn how leading providers use this technology.
How Moveworks uses LLMs to create a seamless conversational AI experience
          From spelling correction to intent classification, get to know the large language models that power Moveworks' conversational AI platform.
How AI is changing IT operations analytics
          AI is transforming IT operations analytics (ITOA). Here are the key benefits and challenges of implementing AI-driven ITOA, including real-world examples.
    Subscribe to our blog
    Get notified about Moveworks’ latest posts.
Solutions
Customers
Resources
Blog
Sitemap
Platform
Platform overview
Moveworks API
System status
Company
About us
Newsroom
Contact us
Careers
image/svg+xml
    ©2023 Moveworks, Inc.
Privacy policies
close modal