What the heck is the Idea Funnel anyway? | Moveworks
Skip to content
Forrester names Moveworks a leader in Chatbot for IT operations. Read the report today.
Moveworks named a Forrester leader in Chatbot for IT operations. 
main menu
Search for...
Home
Platform
Product Overview
How it Works
LLM Stack
Enterprise Copilot
Creator Studio
Employee Experience Insights
Moveworks API
Multilingual Support
Triage
Integration Partners
Performance Dashboards
Solutions
IT
IT Service Desk
IT Service Management
Self Service
HR
HR Service Desk
Employee Onboarding
Facilities
Finance
Employee Communications
Cost Reduction
Identity Access Management
Knowledge Management
Multilingual Support
Customer Stories
Resources
Resource Center
Blog
Help Center
Company
About us
Careers
Newsroom
Contact us
Trust
Demo request
skip to content
See Moveworks in action.
Schedule a meeting with a Moveworks representative and learn how we can help reduce employee issue resolution from days to seconds.
        First Name *
        Last Name *
        Email *
        Company *
        Phone
        How did you hear about us? *
By checking this box, I agree to receive company news and updates. Learn more in the Privacy Policy.
Thank you.
A member of the Moveworks team will be in touch within the next 24 hours.
  Close this modal
  Go back
back to form
back to tab selection
What the heck is the Idea Funnel anyway?
Margo Poda, Content Marketing Manager
 August 24, 2022
linkedin
facebook
twitter
email
Great leaders are great decision-makers.
Everyone from the CEO to the Marketing intern has ideas for improving the workplace. But — whether you lead HR, IT, or another department responsible for the employee experience — it falls on you to decide if an idea is feasible, let alone if it should be prioritized. So how can you possibly take input from potentially thousands of people across your organization and figure out what to do next?
I’ve been thinking about this overwhelming challenge ever since I watched Alex Henson, our VP of Marketing, interview Nelm Khangura, VP of Store and Colleague Solutions at Loblaw, in an episode of our podcast, Legends of Employee Experience. To survive in today’s fast-paced, complex business world, leaders must continuously refine how they make decisions to ensure they stay on the right path. That’s why the decision-making framework she uses — the Idea Funnel — caught my attention.
Working cross-functionally at one of the biggest companies in Canada means Nelm’s had to sift through loads of different tools to find the most meaningful initiatives to transform the employee experience. When it comes down to choosing the right ones to pursue, she depends on the Idea Funnel.
What is the Idea Funnel?
Simply put, the Idea Funnel is a method for taking a mountain of ideas and turning them into a handful of impactful initiatives. It’s a framework for making sure you’re only investing your time and resources in the best ideas — ones that will make an impact.
Remember the last time you conducted a brainstorming session or an employee survey. By the end of it, you were probably drowning in competing thoughts and opinions, unsure of where to go next. Some ideas may have sounded simple, like improving the HQ’s WiFi connection. While others might have seemed more outrageous, like implementing a  4-day workweek. 
To redefine what it means to have a great workplace, you need to sit down and sort through tens, hundreds, or even thousands of comments to decide which ones are realistic. Then, you need to prioritize those comments based on feasibility. But how? Enter the Idea Funnel. With this framework, you can sift through a plethora of ideas so that you’re left with only the very best by the time you're finished.
The five steps of developing your Idea Funnel
As an employee experience leader, here are five steps you can take to strategically prioritize the right programs and make a career-defining impact:
1. Gather ideas from across all relevant departments, teams, and individuals. 
Good ideas can come from everywhere. Don’t discount those that come from unpredictable places. And remember, what you think is a pain point might be entirely different for those who experience it daily. To understand why the status quo isn’t working, you need to ask around before you make any changes. 
2. Determine how to measure the business impact of your ideas.
Once you understand the problem, you can establish consistent criteria to evaluate every idea that enters your funnel. You must know what success is to decide what kind of solution you need. 
3. Screen your ideas.
Using the pre-defined criteria, walk ideas through the funnel. Some that sounded initially promising might not survive, while seemingly ridiculous ideas might pass muster. By the time you reach the bottom of the funnel, you’ll have a handful of options that match your original goals.
4. Conduct a proof of concept on all viable ideas. 
For all the remaining ideas, give them a final sanity check. Outline how they would work in practice and determine a plan for allocating resources moving forward. This stage is all about preparing the idea for the real world. If something is simply not practical, you’ll quickly find out before committing additional resources.
5. Start a pilot program for the ideas that survived the POC stage. 
Only the best ideas make it to this stage. Now is the time to create a minimum viable product and measure progress — or lack thereof — at regular intervals. If everything goes well, you can fully launch the idea to a larger audience. Maybe it turns out that investing in nap pods or speeding up IT support is where you should invest your time and energy. You won’t be guessing — you’ll know you made the right choice.
Make the right decisions with the Idea Funnel
At first glance, deciding what to do next doesn’t look hard. Get your hands on a lot of ideas. Throw away the wrong ones. Choose the right ones. Celebrate your success. 
But that’s not the case, is it? Every decision is the biggest decision in your career. Every choice you make ultimately determines whether a new initiative succeeds or fails. That’s not table stakes. You need a plan. 
This framework helps leaders like Nelm structure the chaos of innovation and carefully select only the best, most effective ideas. Especially now, it’s crucial to be sure you’re investing in solutions that make the most impact. With the Idea Funnel, you’ll know you are.
Subscribe to our podcast for in-depth conversations with employee experience leaders.
product features
More blog posts
How to unlock continual service improvement with AIOps
          Discover how AIOps transforms IT operations from reactive to proactive. Understand the AIOps revolution and shift from firefighters to innovators.
How conversational AI can drive mission success for the public sector
          Learn how AI & automation can immediately provide ROI and elevate service experience at scale for federal and state government and the public sector as a whole.
Generative AI should be your #1 priority: Key takeaways from the Forrester Technology & Innovation Summit
          3 key takeaways from the Forrester Technology & Innovation Summit: 1. Make generative AI your #1 priority. 2. Balance Risk 3. Deploy Copilots. Read the recap.
How conversational AI is transforming healthcare
          Conversational AI is improving healthcare delivery by automating tasks, surfacing knowledge, and supporting staff. Learn how leading providers use this technology.
How Moveworks uses LLMs to create a seamless conversational AI experience
          From spelling correction to intent classification, get to know the large language models that power Moveworks' conversational AI platform.
How AI is changing IT operations analytics
          AI is transforming IT operations analytics (ITOA). Here are the key benefits and challenges of implementing AI-driven ITOA, including real-world examples.
    Subscribe to our blog
    Get notified about Moveworks’ latest posts.
Solutions
Customers
Resources
Blog
Sitemap
Platform
Platform overview
Moveworks API
System status
Company
About us
Newsroom
Contact us
Careers
image/svg+xml
    ©2023 Moveworks, Inc.
Privacy policies
close modal