Moveworks Earns Gold Certification For CSA STAR Level 2
Skip to content
Forrester names Moveworks a leader in Chatbot for IT operations. Read the report today.
Moveworks named a Forrester leader in Chatbot for IT operations. 
main menu
Search for...
Home
Platform
Product Overview
How it Works
LLM Stack
Enterprise Copilot
Creator Studio
Employee Experience Insights
Moveworks API
Multilingual Support
Triage
Integration Partners
Performance Dashboards
Solutions
IT
IT Service Desk
IT Service Management
Self Service
HR
HR Service Desk
Employee Onboarding
Facilities
Finance
Employee Communications
Cost Reduction
Identity Access Management
Knowledge Management
Multilingual Support
Customer Stories
Resources
Resource Center
Blog
Help Center
Company
About us
Careers
Newsroom
Contact us
Trust
Demo request
skip to content
See Moveworks in action.
Schedule a meeting with a Moveworks representative and learn how we can help reduce employee issue resolution from days to seconds.
        First Name *
        Last Name *
        Email *
        Company *
        Phone
        How did you hear about us? *
By checking this box, I agree to receive company news and updates. Learn more in the Privacy Policy.
Thank you.
A member of the Moveworks team will be in touch within the next 24 hours.
  Close this modal
  Go back
back to form
back to tab selection
Secure in the cloud: Moveworks earns Gold certification for CSA STAR Level 2
Kyle Hirai, Head of IT & Security
Jinpei Shan, Security Technical Program Manager
 August 10, 2021
linkedin
facebook
twitter
email
We’re excited to announce that Moveworks has achieved Gold certification for CSA STAR Level 2! This certification is considered the most powerful security assurance program for the cloud, and Gold is the highest level, given only to organizations with the most mature cloud security programs.
Moveworks has built robust security and privacy into every component of our platform, which is why we’ve already achieved both ISO 27001 and SOC 2 Type 2 compliance. Given the increasing importance of SaaS security in particular, this CSA STAR certification requires a rigorous third-party assessment of how Moveworks identifies, mitigates, and monitors security threats, validating our comprehensive approach to security across every part of our platform.
While organizations often have to overhaul their infrastructure to reduce the risks introduced by cloud computing, for us, security has always been a priority. Our customers’ data stays safe because security is built into everything we do.
Pioneering the gold standard of AI security
In our increasingly cloud-centric environment, we believe it’s critical to go the extra mile. This CSA STAR certification validates the policies, procedures, and protections we use to safeguard our customers’ data in the cloud. 
Security is ingrained in every aspect of our business:
Our people are trained to keep pace with the latest security best practices.
Our processes are continuously tested to meet the highest privacy standards.
Our product is designed with security embedded into every stage of development.
“Moveworks automates support for some of the world’s most iconic and security-conscious companies, including DocuSign, Equinix, and Palo Alto Networks. Earning their trust is a privilege we take very seriously, and the CSA STAR Gold certification is a testament to that commitment.” Vaibhav Nivargi CTO, Moveworks
Our people keep pace with best practices
Security starts with our employees. We have strict requirements and access controls in place for every employee who works with customer data. Rigorous background checks, data privacy, and security training ensure that your data is always in the right hands.
Our processes are continuously tested to meet the highest standards
Every part of our information security program is tried and tested. With comprehensive security monitoring, our team is able to detect and respond to any potential issue. We constantly monitor our platform for threats, abnormal activities, access patterns, or unauthorized behavior in our production environment. 
Our product is designed with security embedded at every step
Security is built directly into the Moveworks platform, from coding to testing to deployment. As we develop our products, we conduct frequent security code reviews and partner with third-party security experts to test for vulnerabilities. Built on the most secure global infrastructure, Moveworks offers monthly uptime of 99.9%, meaning that our platform stays accessible.
CSA STAR is just the beginning
We’re proud of our efforts to improve our cloud security posture, and we will continue to look for new ways to refine every layer of security that we have. Security is a never-ending process that doesn’t end with this CSA STAR certification. We regularly review and update our controls to keep pace with the most advanced practices.
Security is a moving target. That’s why we are constantly working to hit a bullseye every time. We will never stop refining our platform to lead our industry — ensuring that customer data is always restricted, encrypted, and secure.
Read more about our security values
best practices
security
news
More blog posts
How to unlock continual service improvement with AIOps
          Discover how AIOps transforms IT operations from reactive to proactive. Understand the AIOps revolution and shift from firefighters to innovators.
How conversational AI can drive mission success for the public sector
          Learn how AI & automation can immediately provide ROI and elevate service experience at scale for federal and state government and the public sector as a whole.
Generative AI should be your #1 priority: Key takeaways from the Forrester Technology & Innovation Summit
          3 key takeaways from the Forrester Technology & Innovation Summit: 1. Make generative AI your #1 priority. 2. Balance Risk 3. Deploy Copilots. Read the recap.
How conversational AI is transforming healthcare
          Conversational AI is improving healthcare delivery by automating tasks, surfacing knowledge, and supporting staff. Learn how leading providers use this technology.
How Moveworks uses LLMs to create a seamless conversational AI experience
          From spelling correction to intent classification, get to know the large language models that power Moveworks' conversational AI platform.
How AI is changing IT operations analytics
          AI is transforming IT operations analytics (ITOA). Here are the key benefits and challenges of implementing AI-driven ITOA, including real-world examples.
    Subscribe to our blog
    Get notified about Moveworks’ latest posts.
Solutions
Customers
Resources
Blog
Sitemap
Platform
Platform overview
Moveworks API
System status
Company
About us
Newsroom
Contact us
Careers
image/svg+xml
    ©2023 Moveworks, Inc.
Privacy policies
close modal