Moveworks Achieves SOC 2 Type 2 Compliance
Skip to content
Forrester names Moveworks a leader in Chatbot for IT operations. Read the report today.
Moveworks named a Forrester leader in Chatbot for IT operations. 
main menu
Search for...
Home
Platform
Product Overview
How it Works
LLM Stack
Enterprise Copilot
Creator Studio
Employee Experience Insights
Moveworks API
Multilingual Support
Triage
Integration Partners
Performance Dashboards
Solutions
IT
IT Service Desk
IT Service Management
Self Service
HR
HR Service Desk
Employee Onboarding
Facilities
Finance
Employee Communications
Cost Reduction
Identity Access Management
Knowledge Management
Multilingual Support
Customer Stories
Resources
Resource Center
Blog
Help Center
Company
About us
Careers
Newsroom
Contact us
Trust
Demo request
skip to content
See Moveworks in action.
Schedule a meeting with a Moveworks representative and learn how we can help reduce employee issue resolution from days to seconds.
        First Name *
        Last Name *
        Email *
        Company *
        Phone
        How did you hear about us? *
By checking this box, I agree to receive company news and updates. Learn more in the Privacy Policy.
Thank you.
A member of the Moveworks team will be in touch within the next 24 hours.
  Close this modal
  Go back
back to form
back to tab selection
The gold standard for security: Moveworks achieves SOC 2 Type 2 compliance
Kyle Hirai, Head of IT & Security
Jason Chin, Principal Technical Program Manager
 October 22, 2020
linkedin
facebook
twitter
email
Moveworks is proud to announce that we are now compliant with SOC 2 Type 2, the gold standard for information security. This compliance validates our continued commitment to protecting your data — and affirms the security of our AI solution.
Since we founded Moveworks, we’ve built bleeding-edge security into everything we do, from our machine learning models, to our operational practices, to our employee training. As a result, we achieved both ISO 27001 and SOC 2 Type 1 compliance in our first year out of stealth mode. SOC 2 Type 2 compliance represents the biggest milestone to date in demonstrating that, from the very beginning, we’ve prioritized security across the board.
Service Organizational Control (SOC) 2 reports ensure that compliant companies maintain confidentiality when transmitting, storing, maintaining, processing, and disposing of customer data. SOC 2 Type 1 assesses an organization’s security standards at a given moment in time, while SOC 2 Type 2 proves that the organization has maintained those standards over a sustained period. Typically, only large, mature organizations are able to achieve this level of compliance. But we've worked diligently to get ahead of the curve, understanding that we can't compromise when it comes to our customers' data.
What does this mean for you?
Simply put, it means you can trust Moveworks with your data. IT leaders place emphasis on SOC 2 Type 2 compliance because it's one of the few audits that attests to an organization's security posture over a sustained time period. Because we know that companies look to partner with vendors who not only innovate quickly, but also maintain the highest bar for security, we’ve focused on attaining compliance from the very start.
At a high level, our specific SOC 2 Type 2 report shows that we’ve upheld three core commitments:
1. The Moveworks platform is secure.
Security readiness policies and procedures are built into our platform. As we develop our products, we conduct frequent security code reviews and partner with third-party security experts to test for vulnerabilities.
To ensure that our people are as secure as our technology, we conduct in-depth security awareness training. Every employee must complete it both as part of new employee onboarding and as part of an annual education program. Additional security training is customized based on role and team to ensure that everyone is up-to-date with the latest information.
2. Moveworks keeps your data confidential.
We know that data privacy is critical. That’s why all customer data in our possession is always encrypted — both in transit and at rest. For each customer, we use unique encryption keys to keep your information secure. Additionally, Moveworks employees can only access customer data on a need-to-know basis, according to strict, role-based policies and procedures.
Data confidentiality extends to how we develop our product. We use common, anonymized language to train our global machine learning models. Your private data is only used to train models specific to your organization.
3. The Moveworks platform stays accessible.
Moveworks is available day or night, weekdays and weekends. To maintain our 99.5% SLA availability, we rely on a leading cloud infrastructure provider to ensure all our customer data has redundant, secure backups in geographically dispersed locations.
Our security roadmap
SOC 2 Type 2 is a major achievement, but we work to continuously maintain and improve our core security framework over time. Our privacy and compliance roadmap includes CSA STAR, HIPAA, FedRAMP, and more. We understand that security requirements differ by industry, and we remain dedicated to meeting those requirements as Moveworks grows.
Want to learn more?
The full SOC 2 Type 2 report is available upon request, in addition to more information on our architecture and security practices. Please contact us for additional details and to view the full report.
Contact  Moveworks to learn how AI can supercharge your workforce productivity.
security
More blog posts
How to unlock continual service improvement with AIOps
          Discover how AIOps transforms IT operations from reactive to proactive. Understand the AIOps revolution and shift from firefighters to innovators.
How conversational AI can drive mission success for the public sector
          Learn how AI & automation can immediately provide ROI and elevate service experience at scale for federal and state government and the public sector as a whole.
Generative AI should be your #1 priority: Key takeaways from the Forrester Technology & Innovation Summit
          3 key takeaways from the Forrester Technology & Innovation Summit: 1. Make generative AI your #1 priority. 2. Balance Risk 3. Deploy Copilots. Read the recap.
How conversational AI is transforming healthcare
          Conversational AI is improving healthcare delivery by automating tasks, surfacing knowledge, and supporting staff. Learn how leading providers use this technology.
How Moveworks uses LLMs to create a seamless conversational AI experience
          From spelling correction to intent classification, get to know the large language models that power Moveworks' conversational AI platform.
How AI is changing IT operations analytics
          AI is transforming IT operations analytics (ITOA). Here are the key benefits and challenges of implementing AI-driven ITOA, including real-world examples.
    Subscribe to our blog
    Get notified about Moveworks’ latest posts.
Solutions
Customers
Resources
Blog
Sitemap
Platform
Platform overview
Moveworks API
System status
Company
About us
Newsroom
Contact us
Careers
image/svg+xml
    ©2023 Moveworks, Inc.
Privacy policies
close modal