Bhavin Shah on SaaStr: Lessons From A New Economy | Moveworks
Skip to content
Forrester names Moveworks a leader in Chatbot for IT operations. Read the report today.
Moveworks named a Forrester leader in Chatbot for IT operations. 
main menu
Search for...
Home
Platform
Product Overview
How it Works
LLM Stack
Enterprise Copilot
Creator Studio
Employee Experience Insights
Moveworks API
Multilingual Support
Triage
Integration Partners
Performance Dashboards
Solutions
IT
IT Service Desk
IT Service Management
Self Service
HR
HR Service Desk
Employee Onboarding
Facilities
Finance
Employee Communications
Cost Reduction
Identity Access Management
Knowledge Management
Multilingual Support
Customer Stories
Resources
Resource Center
Blog
Help Center
Company
About us
Careers
Newsroom
Contact us
Trust
Demo request
skip to content
See Moveworks in action.
Schedule a meeting with a Moveworks representative and learn how we can help reduce employee issue resolution from days to seconds.
        First Name *
        Last Name *
        Email *
        Company *
        Phone
        How did you hear about us? *
By checking this box, I agree to receive company news and updates. Learn more in the Privacy Policy.
Thank you.
A member of the Moveworks team will be in touch within the next 24 hours.
  Close this modal
  Go back
back to form
back to tab selection
Bhavin Shah on SaaStr: Lessons from the front lines of a new economy
Bhavin Shah, CEO and Founder
 April 6, 2020
linkedin
facebook
twitter
email
It turns out that running an AI company is a great way to stay busy while stuck at home. 
Whether I’m speaking with IT teams on the front lines of supporting their remote employees, or video conferencing with my own colleagues to help those IT teams do more with less, it’s not often I have time to simply reflect on the whirlwind of a journey that led us to this point.
That’s why it was such a pleasure to chat with my friend Harry Stebbings on his SaaStr podcast. On today’s episode, we dive deep into that journey at Moveworks, from our founding as an industry disruptor four short years ago, to becoming an industry leader on the strength of my 150 fellow Movesters.
Of course, Harry and I spent much of the conversation discussing the road ahead — not only for Moveworks but also for the entire work-from-home economy that has taken shape overnight. Here are just a few of the thought-provoking topics we covered:
How CIOs are providing real-time IT support and resolution for remote employees
Which technologies are enabling the workforce to stay productive — anytime, anywhere
What the new era of enterprise SaaS means for vendors and customers alike
Why “going SaaS with AI” produces a network effect that drives better results
Check out the full episode.
news
COVID-19
WFH
chat adoption
More blog posts
How to unlock continual service improvement with AIOps
          Discover how AIOps transforms IT operations from reactive to proactive. Understand the AIOps revolution and shift from firefighters to innovators.
How conversational AI can drive mission success for the public sector
          Learn how AI & automation can immediately provide ROI and elevate service experience at scale for federal and state government and the public sector as a whole.
Generative AI should be your #1 priority: Key takeaways from the Forrester Technology & Innovation Summit
          3 key takeaways from the Forrester Technology & Innovation Summit: 1. Make generative AI your #1 priority. 2. Balance Risk 3. Deploy Copilots. Read the recap.
How conversational AI is transforming healthcare
          Conversational AI is improving healthcare delivery by automating tasks, surfacing knowledge, and supporting staff. Learn how leading providers use this technology.
How Moveworks uses LLMs to create a seamless conversational AI experience
          From spelling correction to intent classification, get to know the large language models that power Moveworks' conversational AI platform.
How AI is changing IT operations analytics
          AI is transforming IT operations analytics (ITOA). Here are the key benefits and challenges of implementing AI-driven ITOA, including real-world examples.
    Subscribe to our blog
    Get notified about Moveworks’ latest posts.
Solutions
Customers
Resources
Blog
Sitemap
Platform
Platform overview
Moveworks API
System status
Company
About us
Newsroom
Contact us
Careers
image/svg+xml
    ©2023 Moveworks, Inc.
Privacy policies
close modal