Moveworks - Moveworks opens first office in India to strengthen its leadership in conversational AI
Skip to content
Forrester names Moveworks a leader in Chatbot for IT operations. Read the report today.
Moveworks named a Forrester leader in Chatbot for IT operations. 
main menu
Search for...
Home
Platform
Product Overview
How it Works
LLM Stack
Enterprise Copilot
Creator Studio
Employee Experience Insights
Moveworks API
Multilingual Support
Triage
Integration Partners
Performance Dashboards
Solutions
IT
IT Service Desk
IT Service Management
Self Service
HR
HR Service Desk
Employee Onboarding
Facilities
Finance
Employee Communications
Cost Reduction
Identity Access Management
Knowledge Management
Multilingual Support
Customer Stories
Resources
Resource Center
Blog
Help Center
Company
About us
Careers
Newsroom
Contact us
Trust
Demo request
skip to content
See Moveworks in action.
Schedule a meeting with a Moveworks representative and learn how we can help reduce employee issue resolution from days to seconds.
        First Name *
        Last Name *
        Email *
        Company *
        Phone
        How did you hear about us? *
By checking this box, I agree to receive company news and updates. Learn more in the Privacy Policy.
Thank you.
A member of the Moveworks team will be in touch within the next 24 hours.
  Close this modal
  Go back
back to form
back to tab selection
Moveworks Press Release
Moveworks opens first office in India to strengthen its leadership in conversational AI
 March 29, 2022 9:00 AM
linkedin
facebook
twitter
email
Click here to read the full press release.
The company will hire top engineers at its new headquarters in Bengaluru to improve the world's leading conversational AI platform.
BENGALURU, India -- Moveworks, the AI platform that automates support at work, today announced the opening of its first location outside the United States. The new office, located in Bengaluru, Karnataka, India, will serve as its second headquarters, where team members will perform groundbreaking research and development, establish strategic partnerships, and rise into senior leadership roles.
Founded in 2016, Moveworks is one of the fastest-growing AI companies in history, having raised $315 million in funding to date. Its platform is powered by the latest techniques in natural language understanding (NLU), conversational AI, semantic search, and Collective Learning, which combine to automatically resolve issues in the workplace. Whether employees need IT support, HR service, or a map of the new office, they can describe any issue to Moveworks to get the most relevant solution in seconds — without any manual intervention.
"Moveworks is a rare opportunity for engineers: we're applying the bleeding edge of machine learning to help millions of people stay productive," said Mihir Gore, Moveworks' Director of Engineering and India Site Leader. "Our India team is making our platform even more powerful by building deep integrations with other systems, and by providing customers with total visibility over their employee experience. Ultimately, we'll give every employee the support they need — the moment they need it."
The company's expansion into India continues a year of rapid growth for the business. In 2021, both its revenue and its team size more than doubled; it now has more than 500 employees around the world. Moveworks also reached several milestones, including: 
March 2021: Expanded its platform to resolve HR, finance, and facilities issues
April 2021: Recognized in the Forbes AI 50 list for the third consecutive year
June 2021: Raised a $200 million Series C round — at a $2.1 billion valuation 
September 2021: Opened its major office location in Austin
October 2021: Introduced the first multilingual AI platform for the enterprise
January 2022: Named the #1 Best Place to Work in the San Francisco Bay Area by Built In
March 2022: Announced its new Go-To-Market Team in Europe
Moveworks is hiring aggressively in India — it plans to double the size of its team in the next six months, with a focus on roles in research and development (R&D) as well as general and administration (G&A). As the #1 Best Place to Work in Silicon Valley and and the #12 Best Startup Employer in America, the company has brought its award-winning culture and benefits to Bengaluru. Interested in solving complex business challenges with AI? Come join us! Apply at moveworks.com/careers.
About MoveworksMoveworks is revolutionizing how companies support their employees — with the first AI platform that makes getting help at work effortless. The modern workday is full of disruptions, from IT issues to HR updates to policy changes. Moveworks understands exactly what employees need and provides the right solution in seconds, using conversational AI built for the enterprise. Our platform allows customers like DocuSign, Hearst, Broadcom, Autodesk, Equinix, and Palo Alto Networks to move forward on what matters.
Media Contact Sophia Xepoleas, Sr PR ManagerEmail: pr@moveworks.aiWeb: Moveworks.com/contact 
Solutions
Customers
Resources
Blog
Sitemap
Platform
Platform overview
Moveworks API
System status
Company
About us
Newsroom
Contact us
Careers
image/svg+xml
    ©2023 Moveworks, Inc.
Privacy policies
close modal