How Moveworks Raised $200 Million in Series C Funding
Skip to content
Forrester names Moveworks a leader in Chatbot for IT operations. Read the report today.
Moveworks named a Forrester leader in Chatbot for IT operations. 
main menu
Search for...
Home
Platform
Product Overview
How it Works
LLM Stack
Enterprise Copilot
Creator Studio
Employee Experience Insights
Moveworks API
Multilingual Support
Triage
Integration Partners
Performance Dashboards
Solutions
IT
IT Service Desk
IT Service Management
Self Service
HR
HR Service Desk
Employee Onboarding
Facilities
Finance
Employee Communications
Cost Reduction
Identity Access Management
Knowledge Management
Multilingual Support
Customer Stories
Resources
Resource Center
Blog
Help Center
Company
About us
Careers
Newsroom
Contact us
Trust
Demo request
skip to content
See Moveworks in action.
Schedule a meeting with a Moveworks representative and learn how we can help reduce employee issue resolution from days to seconds.
        First Name *
        Last Name *
        Email *
        Company *
        Phone
        How did you hear about us? *
By checking this box, I agree to receive company news and updates. Learn more in the Privacy Policy.
Thank you.
A member of the Moveworks team will be in touch within the next 24 hours.
  Close this modal
  Go back
back to form
back to tab selection
How Moveworks raised $200 million in Series C funding
Bhavin Shah, CEO and Founder
 June 30, 2021
linkedin
facebook
twitter
email
I’m delighted to announce that Moveworks has raised $200 million in Series C funding—at a valuation of $2.1 billion. 
This investment is, by far, the largest ever made in our industry. It underscores the importance of AI in providing support to employees, no matter where they’re working or when they ask for help.
It took five years, hundreds of people, and thousands of hours to reach this milestone in our journey. Today, I want to focus on two remarkable groups of people who've fueled our success to this point: our employees and our customers.
At Moveworks, we understand that AI is critical to the future of work. And today’s investment enables us to take some massive leaps forward in fully realizing our vision of helping employees focus on the most meaningful projects, not busywork.
Read the full announcement.
Employees who share a vision
To build an enduring company, you need to hire great talent. But talent alone is not enough.
When your employees are in lock-step with the company vision—driven by a desire to bring it to fruition—magical things can happen. These are the employees who push the boundaries of what’s possible, who question everything in pursuit of the best path forward. Moveworks is full to the brim of employees who are wired this way.
As a company that develops bleeding-edge AI, we have code in production today that wasn’t possible to write just a few months ago. It wasn’t just harder, it was impossible. This is the beauty of AI. Your engineers have to constantly innovate because new machine learning models emerge every day that have the potential to make a meaningful difference to your customers—if your team can figure out how to operationalize them. It takes a special type of engineer to work in this environment.
But this isn’t just our approach to engineering. This is part of our culture. It’s how we move the needle across engineering, product, operations, sales, marketing… the whole company. Our team of talented, curious, and passionate people, armed with a clear vision, and empowered to make great decisions, is what makes Moveworks special.
I’m incredibly proud of every employee at Moveworks, not just for the output of their work but also for their relentless desire to challenge the status quo.
Interested in joining Moveworks? Apply for one of our open positions.
Customers that put their people first
Today, the idea of using AI to create a better support experience for employees—whether they're remote or on-site—seems obvious. But when we founded Moveworks, few people believed it was possible, and even fewer were committed to making AI support a reality.
Our goal was to find these few companies, and leaders, who did believe. We discovered some organizations and people that could move quickly when they saw a good idea, that were motivated to help their employees focus on the work that matters, and that were willing to make a bet.
These early customers were far from typical. They were, and still are, pioneers in their own right. They had the foresight to see the impact on their business that our technology could make. And it didn’t matter to them that it wasn’t perfect. They wanted to help us make it perfect. It’s these customers that enabled us to refine our vision, ideate new capabilities, and grow this company.
The investment and support of our early customers mean that today, you don’t have to be a pioneer to use Moveworks. They helped us build a solution every company in the world could use to get impact on day one. They enabled us to make AI accessible to everyone. It’s thanks to our customers that we get to make our vision a reality.
Check out our customer stories here.
What's next
2021 has been a crazy, incredible year, and there’s still a long way to go. We’re only just getting started. Despite everything we’ve already accomplished, we have so much more to do, and this investment is a huge step in helping us reach new heights.
We’re excited to work with our new investors, Tiger Global and Alkeon Capital, and we’re thankful to our existing investment partners, Lightspeed Venture Partners, Bain Capital, Kleiner Perkins, ICONIQ Growth, and Sapphire Ventures for increasing their investment in Moveworks during this latest round. 
Thank you to everyone who has contributed to the journey so far. Get ready. The best is yet to come.
See what Moveworks can do for you. Request a demo.
scaling
news
        Want to learn more?
Working at Moveworks means working alongside a team of winners - making an impact, every day. We're results-driven, fast paced, and collaborative. We believe to think first is to think different, that achievement comes with focus, and that continuous learning enables continuous delivery.
More blog posts
How to unlock continual service improvement with AIOps
          Discover how AIOps transforms IT operations from reactive to proactive. Understand the AIOps revolution and shift from firefighters to innovators.
How conversational AI can drive mission success for the public sector
          Learn how AI & automation can immediately provide ROI and elevate service experience at scale for federal and state government and the public sector as a whole.
Generative AI should be your #1 priority: Key takeaways from the Forrester Technology & Innovation Summit
          3 key takeaways from the Forrester Technology & Innovation Summit: 1. Make generative AI your #1 priority. 2. Balance Risk 3. Deploy Copilots. Read the recap.
How conversational AI is transforming healthcare
          Conversational AI is improving healthcare delivery by automating tasks, surfacing knowledge, and supporting staff. Learn how leading providers use this technology.
How Moveworks uses LLMs to create a seamless conversational AI experience
          From spelling correction to intent classification, get to know the large language models that power Moveworks' conversational AI platform.
How AI is changing IT operations analytics
          AI is transforming IT operations analytics (ITOA). Here are the key benefits and challenges of implementing AI-driven ITOA, including real-world examples.
    Subscribe to our blog
    Get notified about Moveworks’ latest posts.
Solutions
Customers
Resources
Blog
Sitemap
Platform
Platform overview
Moveworks API
System status
Company
About us
Newsroom
Contact us
Careers
image/svg+xml
    ©2023 Moveworks, Inc.
Privacy policies
close modal