Moveworks Announces Multilingual Support and Moveworks for Web
Skip to content
Forrester names Moveworks a leader in Chatbot for IT operations. Read the report today.
Moveworks named a Forrester leader in Chatbot for IT operations. 
main menu
Search for...
Home
Platform
Product Overview
How it Works
LLM Stack
Enterprise Copilot
Creator Studio
Employee Experience Insights
Moveworks API
Multilingual Support
Triage
Integration Partners
Performance Dashboards
Solutions
IT
IT Service Desk
IT Service Management
Self Service
HR
HR Service Desk
Employee Onboarding
Facilities
Finance
Employee Communications
Cost Reduction
Identity Access Management
Knowledge Management
Multilingual Support
Customer Stories
Resources
Resource Center
Blog
Help Center
Company
About us
Careers
Newsroom
Contact us
Trust
Demo request
skip to content
See Moveworks in action.
Schedule a meeting with a Moveworks representative and learn how we can help reduce employee issue resolution from days to seconds.
        First Name *
        Last Name *
        Email *
        Company *
        Phone
        How did you hear about us? *
By checking this box, I agree to receive company news and updates. Learn more in the Privacy Policy.
Thank you.
A member of the Moveworks team will be in touch within the next 24 hours.
  Close this modal
  Go back
back to form
back to tab selection
Product Launch: Announcing multilingual support and Moveworks for Web
Varun Singh, VP of Product
 October 20, 2021
linkedin
facebook
twitter
email
Companies succeed when every employee can do their best work. But with workforces scattered around the world, providing around-the-clock support in every language and on every channel just isn't feasible.
Our goal at Moveworks is to give every employee the immediate support they deserve — no matter how they prefer to get help or which language they speak. That’s why we’re so excited to make two huge announcements today.
First: Moveworks is now multilingual. Our platform offers deep, native support for employees who speak Spanish, Italian, German, French, and Portuguese, in addition to English. 
And second: We’re introducing Moveworks for Web. Now, Moveworks can provide the same instant support experience directly inside enterprise portals, including ServiceNow, SharePoint, and Epic.
These announcements will help usher in a new normal for companies with global teams. Our unique approach to multilingual support is purpose-built to tackle every step of solving support issues, from engaging with employees to providing the resources they need. And by expanding Moveworks to new communication channels, we've allowed you to support your people, anytime and anywhere.
Read the full announcement here →
Moveworks is multilingual
Figure 1: Employees deserve the same quality of support — no matter where they are or which language they speak.
For non-English speakers, getting help at work can be hard. Something as simple as troubleshooting a VPN connection or figuring out how to request time-off is extremely frustrating when a language barrier stands between an employee and the answer they need. Emailing an English-speaking service desk, navigating an English-only portal, or working through a dead-end dialog flow can derail an employee’s entire day. 
For help desks, there's no existing solution designed to automate support for a global workforce. Conventional chatbots, for instance, involve an enormous, expensive, and endless effort to hardcode conversations in each language — and then require even more effort to continuously update each dialog, in each language as things change over time.
Now with Moveworks, every one of your employees instantly gets the same access to support, no matter what language they speak.  We evolved the entire Moveworks Intelligence Engine™ to become multilingual at every step of solving an issue. Our platform:
Seamlessly engages with employees in their preferred language
Deeply understands support issues in any language
Delivers personalized solutions to every request
Critically, our multilingual support gets to work resolving issues with zero setup or maintenance by support teams. And since Moveworks automatically improves itself by incorporating new resources and supporting new use cases, employees continue to get what they need to stay productive.
Read a deep dive on our unique and powerful approach to multilingual support →
Introducing Moveworks for Web
Figure 2: Moveworks for Web ensures every employee gets the help they need — on whichever platform they prefer. 
Employees should have access to the same instant help, no matter which channel they depend on. But for many of us, manually filing a support ticket in an ITSM tool or searching through a self-service portal is a waste of time. These systems aren’t always built with end-users in mind.
At Moveworks, we first focused on supporting employees in the enterprise messaging tools, such as Slack and Microsoft Teams, that they use every day. That said, our goal is to make getting help at work effortless, wherever people go. We recognize that employees have different preferences and habits, with about 25% who rely on enterprise portals as their primary support channel.
So we decided to expand Moveworks’ reach with Moveworks for Web, which delivers support across many popular enterprise portals. With today’s launch, employees will have access to the same, high-quality Moveworks experience, directly inside ServiceNow, SharePoint, and Epic. It offers:
The same conversational AI interface in the enterprise portal
Notifications and communications that follow users across platforms
A fully secure experience, without a separate authentication process
Above all, Moveworks for Web means that employees can get instant help, however they choose to work.
Here at Moveworks, we're committed to making support effortless. Both multilingual support and Moveworks for Web play a massive role in transforming typically frustrating and time-consuming employee problems into simple conversations. Moving forward, we’ll continue to support even more languages and enterprise portals to solve support issues faster, no matter the complexity.
Request a demo to see how Moveworks can transform your support process.
product features
More blog posts
How to unlock continual service improvement with AIOps
          Discover how AIOps transforms IT operations from reactive to proactive. Understand the AIOps revolution and shift from firefighters to innovators.
How conversational AI can drive mission success for the public sector
          Learn how AI & automation can immediately provide ROI and elevate service experience at scale for federal and state government and the public sector as a whole.
Generative AI should be your #1 priority: Key takeaways from the Forrester Technology & Innovation Summit
          3 key takeaways from the Forrester Technology & Innovation Summit: 1. Make generative AI your #1 priority. 2. Balance Risk 3. Deploy Copilots. Read the recap.
How conversational AI is transforming healthcare
          Conversational AI is improving healthcare delivery by automating tasks, surfacing knowledge, and supporting staff. Learn how leading providers use this technology.
How Moveworks uses LLMs to create a seamless conversational AI experience
          From spelling correction to intent classification, get to know the large language models that power Moveworks' conversational AI platform.
How AI is changing IT operations analytics
          AI is transforming IT operations analytics (ITOA). Here are the key benefits and challenges of implementing AI-driven ITOA, including real-world examples.
    Subscribe to our blog
    Get notified about Moveworks’ latest posts.
Solutions
Customers
Resources
Blog
Sitemap
Platform
Platform overview
Moveworks API
System status
Company
About us
Newsroom
Contact us
Careers
image/svg+xml
    ©2023 Moveworks, Inc.
Privacy policies
close modal