Moveworks Named A Leader In The Forrester Wave | Moveworks
Skip to content
Forrester names Moveworks a leader in Chatbot for IT operations. Read the report today.
Moveworks named a Forrester leader in Chatbot for IT operations. 
main menu
Search for...
Home
Platform
Product Overview
How it Works
LLM Stack
Enterprise Copilot
Creator Studio
Employee Experience Insights
Moveworks API
Multilingual Support
Triage
Integration Partners
Performance Dashboards
Solutions
IT
IT Service Desk
IT Service Management
Self Service
HR
HR Service Desk
Employee Onboarding
Facilities
Finance
Employee Communications
Cost Reduction
Identity Access Management
Knowledge Management
Multilingual Support
Customer Stories
Resources
Resource Center
Blog
Help Center
Company
About us
Careers
Newsroom
Contact us
Trust
Demo request
skip to content
See Moveworks in action.
Schedule a meeting with a Moveworks representative and learn how we can help reduce employee issue resolution from days to seconds.
        First Name *
        Last Name *
        Email *
        Company *
        Phone
        How did you hear about us? *
By checking this box, I agree to receive company news and updates. Learn more in the Privacy Policy.
Thank you.
A member of the Moveworks team will be in touch within the next 24 hours.
  Close this modal
  Go back
back to form
back to tab selection
Moveworks named a leader in The Forrester Wave™: Chatbots For IT Operations
Varun Singh, VP Product 
 November 14, 2022
linkedin
facebook
twitter
email
Read the full report
Moveworks is proud to be named a leader in The Forrester Wave™: Chatbots for IT Operations, Q4 2022.
In its latest report, published today, Forrester comprehensively evaluates the top IT chatbots with respect to 33 different criteria. Forrester recognizes Moveworks as among the top vendors evaluated. 
“Managing all elements of virtual agents, from implementation to language refinement, Moveworks’ strategy is to take on the hard parts of making virtual agents useful.”The Forrester Wave™: Chatbots for IT Operations, Q4 2022
What we believe sets Moveworks apart is our unique approach to support. Rather than simply tracking issues or providing recommendations, Moveworks resolves those issues end-to-end — completely autonomously — by connecting a company’s entire support ecosystem and making it easy for everyone to get the help they need.
With regard to Forrester’s 33 specific criteria, which are scored on a scale of 0 (weak) to 5 (strong), Moveworks received the highest score possible in 19 such criteria, including: chatbot readiness, product vision, execution roadmap, market approach, supporting products and services, and category revenue. 
Here’s what Forrester’s findings mean for our customers:
Rapid time-to-value
For companies looking to automate IT support with a chatbot, the first consideration is time-to-value: how long it takes to get results. Conventional chatbot toolkits require IT teams to manually build scripts and dialog flows over the course of several months — then continue to adjust those workflows as the IT environment evolves. This manual approach to building a chatbot simply cannot scale.
What does it mean to have a high score for “chatbot readiness”? By leveraging a combination of advanced conversational AI and natural language understanding (NLU), Moveworks starts resolving IT issues out of the box, without any training or scripting for the customer. 
The Forrester report states that “managing all elements of virtual agents, from implementation to language refinement, Moveworks’ strategy is to take on the hard parts of making virtual agents useful” which allows IT teams to dramatically accelerate the bot’s deployment and impact.
“We wanted AI-powered solutions to take root in our org, but we didn’t realize how fast it could happen. Moveworks blew us away right out of the gate. We started with simple automation, but now we’re automatically provisioning software, sending targeted communications, and freeing up hands to work on higher-level projects.”— David Kaczerski, Director of Global ServiceDesk, Hearst
AI that is easy to adopt
For a chatbot to effectively resolve employees’ support issues, it needs powerful tech behind it. The Moveworks Platform has a powerful, sophisticated natural language understanding (NLU) engine trained on 400+ million support issues that recognizes 99 percent of enterprise support requests out of the box. 
We also understand that our customers’ support ecosystems change over time, so we built Moveworks to evolve with them. Moveworks uses Collective Learning’s network effect to understand complex requests and identify new entities and resources as they are added or changed. This means our chatbot constantly improves its performance and enterprise language comprehension. No matter how employees describe their problems or which language they use, our bot gets the message.
“Moveworks is this simple, magical UI that talks to users and gets them answers right away, and connects to the complex backend systems that users don’t need to experience.”Richard Chao, Senior IT Manager, Stitch Fix
Connecting the entire support ecosystem
The purpose of an IT chatbot is to provide a single interface for employees to resolve all support issues, from requesting software to resetting passwords to finding the right knowledge article. 
 With this goal in mind, Moveworks has created deep integrations with dozens of enterprise systems — and we’re excited that Forrester gave us the highest score possible in the omnichannel support criterion, part of the chatbot language and learning capabilities criterion. Our platform takes autonomous action within these systems, allowing employees to self-service their IT issues directly through the bot.
“Moveworks lets us up-level people. We’re not talking about resetting passwords and solving tickets anymore — we’re automating things and focusing on transformation.”Nicole Tate-Pappas, Senior Director of Experience, Palo Alto Networks
Validating the Moveworks vision
When we founded Moveworks in 2016, we shared a single vision: empower employees around the world to focus on impactful work. We’ve spent the last six years building an AI chatbot that resolves employees’ tech issues — instantly and autonomously — to make that vision a reality.
So while the Forrester report gave Moveworks the highest possible scores (5 out of 5) in 19 total criteria, we’re most excited about our 5 out of 5 scores in the product vision and execution roadmap criteria. Our chatbot has already transformed the support process for customers like DocuSign, Albemarle, and Broadcom. But despite what we’ve accomplished, and despite this recognition from Forrester, we know the best is yet to come.
Download The Forrester Wave™: Chatbots for IT Operations, Q4 2022 here.
Contact  Moveworks to learn how AI can supercharge your workforce's productivity.
news
More blog posts
How to unlock continual service improvement with AIOps
          Discover how AIOps transforms IT operations from reactive to proactive. Understand the AIOps revolution and shift from firefighters to innovators.
How conversational AI can drive mission success for the public sector
          Learn how AI & automation can immediately provide ROI and elevate service experience at scale for federal and state government and the public sector as a whole.
Generative AI should be your #1 priority: Key takeaways from the Forrester Technology & Innovation Summit
          3 key takeaways from the Forrester Technology & Innovation Summit: 1. Make generative AI your #1 priority. 2. Balance Risk 3. Deploy Copilots. Read the recap.
How conversational AI is transforming healthcare
          Conversational AI is improving healthcare delivery by automating tasks, surfacing knowledge, and supporting staff. Learn how leading providers use this technology.
How Moveworks uses LLMs to create a seamless conversational AI experience
          From spelling correction to intent classification, get to know the large language models that power Moveworks' conversational AI platform.
How AI is changing IT operations analytics
          AI is transforming IT operations analytics (ITOA). Here are the key benefits and challenges of implementing AI-driven ITOA, including real-world examples.
    Subscribe to our blog
    Get notified about Moveworks’ latest posts.
Solutions
Customers
Resources
Blog
Sitemap
Platform
Platform overview
Moveworks API
System status
Company
About us
Newsroom
Contact us
Careers
image/svg+xml
    ©2023 Moveworks, Inc.
Privacy policies
close modal