News | Moveworks
Skip to content
Forrester names Moveworks a leader in Chatbot for IT operations. Read the report today.
Moveworks named a Forrester leader in Chatbot for IT operations. 
main menu
Search for...
Home
Platform
Product Overview
How it Works
LLM Stack
Enterprise Copilot
Creator Studio
Employee Experience Insights
Moveworks API
Multilingual Support
Triage
Integration Partners
Performance Dashboards
Solutions
IT
IT Service Desk
IT Service Management
Self Service
HR
HR Service Desk
Employee Onboarding
Facilities
Finance
Employee Communications
Cost Reduction
Identity Access Management
Knowledge Management
Multilingual Support
Customer Stories
Resources
Resource Center
Blog
Help Center
Company
About us
Careers
Newsroom
Contact us
Trust
Demo request
skip to content
See Moveworks in action.
Schedule a meeting with a Moveworks representative and learn how we can help reduce employee issue resolution from days to seconds.
        First Name *
        Last Name *
        Email *
        Company *
        Phone
        How did you hear about us? *
By checking this box, I agree to receive company news and updates. Learn more in the Privacy Policy.
Thank you.
A member of the Moveworks team will be in touch within the next 24 hours.
  Close this modal
  Go back
back to form
back to tab selection
Moveworks Newsroom
In the News
Press Releases
Awards
Moveworks in the News
September 25, 2023 
            How Moveworks is Revamping Conversational AI with LLMs
            Analytics India sat down with Moveworks CTO and co-founder, Vaibhav Nivargi, to discuss Moveworks' journey, it's goals in India, and for the larger company, and what's the come for Moveworks in the future. 
              Read on Analytics India 
September 6, 2023 
            Top CEOs of AI Product Firms 2023
            Moveworks CEO, Bhavin Shah, was named one of Analytics India Magazine's top CEO's of AI product firms for 2023 
              Read on Analytics India
August 9, 2023 
            The Cloud 100 
            Moveworks was named to the Forbes Cloud 100 list for 2023 — a definitive list of the top private cloud companies in the world. 
              Read on Forbes
July 31, 2023 
            Event Recap: The State of VC Investing in Data and AI Startups
            The Information shared a recap of a recent AI and data investing panel, including commentary from Moveworks CEO, Bhavin Shah
              Read on The Information 
July 26, 2023 
            The State of VC Investing in Data & AI Startups
            Moveworks CEO, Bhavin Shah, joins fellow industry leaders to discuss the state of AI & Data investing
              Read on The Information 
July 21, 2023 
            The White House Meets with 7 Big Tech Companies – Releases Commitments on Managing AI
            Moveworks CEO, Bhavin Shah, shares his thoughts on recent AI regulation efforts by the White House. 
              Read on InsideBigData
July 16, 2023 
            International Students Key To AI As Researchers And Entrepreneurs
            Forbes highlights Moveworks as a top company with mostly immigrant founders. 
              Read on Forbes
July 9, 2023 
            65% Of Top AI Companies Have Immigrant Founders
            Forbes includes Moveworks as one of the top AI companies with immigrant founders
              Read on Forbes
May 31, 2023 
            Six Ways to Bolster Your Data and AI Team In a Down Economy
            Moveworks CEO, Bhavin Shah, shares the impact generative AI can have on employee satisfaction and productivity 
              Read on Datanami 
May 17, 2023 
            AI Chatbots: A Hedge Against Inflation?
            Alex Woodie from Datanami shares segments from Moveworks CEO, Bhavin Shah's, recent keynote at Moveworks Live
              Read on Datanami
May 12, 2023 
            Moveworks, Carahsoft Offer New Public-Sector AI Tool
            Moveworks and Carahsoft partner to bring conversational AI to the public sector. 
              Read on Government Technology 
May 5, 2023 
            Best Places to Work in the Bay Area 2023: Large companies
            Moveworks is named Silicon Valley Business Journal's #3 Best place to work in the Bay Area for large companies. 
              Read on Silicon Valley Business Journal 
May 5, 2023 
            How the workplace culture is evolving
            Silicon Valley Business Journal reporter, Alisha Green, sits down with Moveworks CEO, Bhavin Shah, to discuss how Moveworks maintains its culture amid economic uncertainty. 
              Read on Silicon Valley Business Journal 
April 26, 2023 
            Moveworks launches no-code conversational AI creation platform for enterprise
            Moveworks launches Creator Studio — the first ever no-code, generative AI platform for building any conversational AI use case for the enterprise. 
              Read on SiliconAngle
April 26, 2023 
            Moveworks debuts Creator Studio to build AI-driven employee copilots
            Moveworks launches Creator Studio — a generative AI platform for businesses to develop enterprise-wide copilots. 
              Read on VentureBeat
April 11, 2023 
            2023 Forbes AI50
            Moveworks is included in Forbes AI50 list for the 5th consecutive year. 
              Read on Forbes
April 6, 2023 
            Meet generative AI's breakout stars of the Bay Area
            SF Business Times reporter, William Hicks, sits down with Moveworks CEO, Bhavin Shah, to discuss the recent generative AI boom. 
              Read on SF Business Times
February 28, 2023 
            Large Language Models Aren‘t the Silver Bullet for Conversational AI
            Moveworks Founder and CTO of AI, Jiang Chen, discusses the limitations of large language models, and how to fine-tune them for enterprise-grade results. 
              Read on The New Stack 
February 13, 2023 
            Zero-shot learning and the foundations of generative AI
            Moveworks Director of Engineering, Chang Liu, discusses the benefits of few-shot learning and large language models as the foundation for generative AI.
              Read on InfoWorld
February 6, 2023 
            Albemarle supercharges employee experience with federated automation
            Albemarle CIO, Patrick Thompson, shares his Moveworks success story with CIO Mag
              Read on CIO
February 6, 2023 
            The Race to Build a ChatGPT-Powered Search Engine
            Moveworks founder and VP of machine learning, Jiang Chen, weighs in on whether he believes chatGPT will replace search. 
              Read on WIRED
January 18, 2023 
            Microsoft will add OpenAI’s ChatGPT to its cloud offering Azure: CEO Satya Nadella
Microsoft announced the general availability of Azure OpenAI Service. Moveworks CTO, Vaibhav Nivargi, discusses the unique use-cases Moveworks has been able to develop in partnership with Azure OpenAI service.
              Read on Economic Times
January 18, 2023 
            Microsoft launches general availability of Azure OpenAI Service
            Moveworks CTO, Vaibhav Nivargi, comments on the general availability of OpenAI's APIs, something Moveworks has had early access to. 
              Read on TechRepublic
January 6, 2023 
            The Drawbacks of ChatGPT for Production Conversational AI Systems
Moveworks Founder and VP of Machine Learning Jiang Chen sits down with Datanami to share his thoughts on the development of ChatGPT, and what it means for enterprise conversational AI applications.
              Read on Datanami
December 12, 2022 
            How To Build an Employee-First Workplace with the Help Of AI
            Moveworks CTO, Vaibhav Nivargi, shares how Moveworks customers have leverages Moveworks tech to streamline and automate both IT and HR issue resolution. 
              Read on All Things Talent
December 9, 2022 
            Moveworks Scales IT Support for Lucid Software While Keeping Costs Flat
            Moveworks provides Lucid Software with scalable, quality IT support while keeping costs flat.
              Read on AIThority 
November 29, 2022 
            Heard on the Street – 11/29/2022
            Moveworks Director of Engineering, Chang Liu, discusses the benefits and considerations for teams looking into one-shot and few-shot learning. 
              Read on InsideBigData
November 18, 2022 
            Moveworks and Wipro Partner to Deliver Scalable, Best-in-Class IT Support with AI
            Moveworks and Wipro partner to provide AI-powered IT support that's scalable, efficient, and personalized to each employee. 
              Read on AIThority
November 15, 2022 
            Four Investments to Succeed in a Struggling Economy
            Moveworks CEO, Bhavin Shah, shares the four things you should invest more in during a struggling economy
              Read on Spiceworks
November 8, 2022 
            Top AI Startups
            eWeek recognized Moveworks as one of the top AI startups of 2022
              Read on eWeek
October 12, 2022 
            Moveworks bets on NLU and ML to help CIOs improve employee experience
            Moveworks launches Employee Experience Insights! The first analytics solution that uses natural language understanding and machine learning to help CIOs identify and prioritize high-impact initiatives. 
              Read on VentureBeat
October 3, 2022 
            The importance of monitoring machine learning models
            Moveworks Principal Product Manager, Rahul Kayala, joins industry experts to discuss the importance of machine learning model monitoring. 
              Read on InfoWorld
September 16, 2022 
            16 Expert Tips To Help Tech Leaders Ensure Remote Work Arrangements Succeed
            Moveworks CTO, Vaibhav Nivargi, shares how IT can impact the employee experience and go from a cost center to a strategic asset. 
              Read on Forbes
September 3, 2022 
            3 model monitoring tips for reliable results when deploying AI
            Moveworks Principal Product Manager, Rahul Kayala, shares 3 tips for ensuring your AI models are performing their best
              Read on VentureBeat
August 12, 2022 
            Moveworks: Building (and running) teams with circular model theory 
            Moveworks Principal Product Manager, Rahul Kayala, shares how IT teams can reduce waste and continuously improve.
              Read on ERPToday
July 26, 2022 
            Microsoft partner ecosystem revved up, riled by 2022 event
            Manoj Gupta, Moveworks VP of partnerships, discusses the value businesses can achieve through partnering with both TCS and Moveworks 
              Read on TechTarget
July 21, 2022 
            Nexthink and Moveworks delivers autonomous resolution to most IT support issues
            Moveworks and Nexthink join forces to transform IT support within the enterprise 
              Read on Enterprise Times
July 14, 2022 
            How AI Bots Became The Face Of The World’s Most Innovative Companies
            Autodesk, DocuSign, and Unity share how Moveworks bots have transformed critical business processes. 
              Read on Forbes
July 12, 2022 
            TCS Partners with Moveworks to transform the Service Desk with AI
            Moveworks partners with TCS — one of the most trusted consulting firms in India — to help transform the traditional service desk model for businesses around the world.
              Read on Analytics India
June 20, 2022 
            AI Is Not Sentient Yet. But That Doesn’t Mean It’s Not Useful in the Enterprise
            Moveworks CTO, Vaibhav Nivargi, comments on the intricacies of conversational AI, and what's possible today. 
              Read on Datanami 
June 14, 2022 
            Golden Opportunity: How SF Tech Provides Career-growing Experiences for Product Managers
            Moveworks product manger, Rahul Kayala, shares his experience working on projects that impact businesses around the world. 
              Read on BuiltIn
June 10, 2022 
            Inside 7 San Francisco Tech Companies Hiring for Engineers
            Ankoor Shah, Moveworks software engineer, shares his experience on the engineering team. 
              Read on BuiltIn
June 8, 2022 
            How Onboarding New Hires Can Become Your Most Impressive Win At Work
Forbes met with Moveworks to discuss how onboarding can be your most impressive professional win yet with the help of AI. 
              Read on Forbes 
May 9, 2022 
            AI 50 2022: North America’s Top AI Companies Shaping The Future
            Moveworks was recognized on the Forbes AI 50 list for the 4th consecutive year 
              Read on Forbes
May 6, 2022 
            Best Places to Work: Moveworks strives to empower its employees
            Moveworks is recognized as Silicon Valley Business Journal's #2 Best Place to Work. 
              Read on Silicon Valley Business Journal
May 2, 2022 
            Heard on the Street – 5/2/2022
            Moveworks CTO, Vaibhav Nivargi, discusses why multilingual chatbots are so challenging to get right. 
              Read on InsideBigData
April 28, 2022 
            Introducing Moveworks For HR: The First AI Solution That Provides Personalized HR Support
            Moveworks announces Moveworks for HR — the first AI-solution that provides personalized HR support
              Read on AIThority 
April 28, 2022 
            Moveworks,The First AI Solution That Provides Personalised HR Support
            Moveworks HR is the first AI solution that delivers personalized HR support 
              Read on BW People Business World
April 28, 2022 
            Moveworks launches AI solution ‘Moveworks for HR'
            Moveworks launches Moveworks for HR — the first AI solution that provides instant, personalized help to every employee based on their unique role, department, seniority, benefits, location, and language.
              Read on Media Brief 
April 22, 2022 
            How IT can fix the employee experience [Q&A]
            BetaNews interviews Varun Singh, Moveworks co-founder and VP of Product, about the key role IT plays in improving the work experience for employees.
              Read on BetaNews
March 30, 2022 
            US-based AI firm Moveworks opens its first office in Bengaluru
            Moveworks opens its first India-based office and plans to double its employee base in first next months. 
              Read on Analytics India 
March 29, 2022 
            Moveworks to expand India business, double headcount
            Moveworks opens its second headquarters in Bengaluru, India - continuing explosive growth for the company.
              Read on The Economic Times
March 27, 2022 
            A Wave Of Billion-Dollar Language AI Startups Is Coming
Moveworks is recognized as a leader in conversational AI for internal employee engagement.
              Read on Forbes
March 9, 2022 
            Why Palo Alto Networks rebuilt its workplace with AI
Palo Alto Networks partnered with Moveworks to create an AI-powered digital workplace that gave its employees the freedom to choose how and when they want to work.
              Read on VentureBeat
March 8, 2022 
            America's Best Startup Employers
Moveworks ranked as the 12th Best Startup Employer in America out of 500 startups by Forbes.
              Read on Forbes
February 24, 2022 
            Why the true test for today’s conversational AI chatbots is time
Conversational AI requires a careful balance between speed and sophistication. Jiang Chen, Moveworks VP of Machine Learning, explains how our AI systems can deliver relevant responses — in real time.
              Read on VentureBeat
January 13, 2022 
            Scale Your Team Like a Bay Area Sales Leader
Moveworks CRO Marcello Gallo shares his blueprint for building a successful sales team.
              Read on Built In
January 13, 2022 
            How Moveworks used Conversational AI to support hybrid work
VentureBeat reports on how Moveworks uses Conversational AI to support the world’s top companies as they shift to hybrid work.
              Read on VentureBeat
January 5, 2022 
            Best Places to Work 2022
Moveworks ranked #1 Overall Best Place to Work in the San Francisco Bay Area by Built In.
              Read on Built In
December 29, 2021 
            2021 was a breakthrough year for AI
VentureBeat recaps the most exciting AI developments of 2o21, including Moveworks raising $200 million in Series C funding.
              Read on VentureBeat
October 24, 2021 
            How Moveworks’ AI platform broke through the multilingual NLP barrier
In this exclusive story, VentureBeat explains how Moveworks created the first multilingual AI platform that’s built to support employees.
              Read on VentureBeat
October 6, 2021 
            How Hearst aims to tower again – with the help of AI
Hearst has dominated the media industry for 134 years. But to remain relevant in this era of instant news, its CTO needed to support a lightning-fast workforce — with Moveworks AI.
              Read on Diginomica
September 20, 2021 
            Moveworks Expands, Canva Raises $200M, and More Austin Tech News
Built In, the online community for tech companies and startups, features Moveworks’ expansion to Austin in its weekly roundup.
              Read on Built In
September 17, 2021 
            The Water Cooler: Skills 4 tech execs target in IT recruiting
What's the most important skill for IT professionals today? Our VP of Product Varun Singh shares why top IT teams are focused on mastering employee experience technology. 
              Read on CIO Dive
August 26, 2021 
            How This Company Hit Unicorn Status in 5 Years
Moveworks CEO Bhavin Shah talks about how an employee-centric culture has contributed to the company's rapid growth. 
              Read on Built In
August 12, 2021 
            Why machine learning models fail
Moveworks CTO Vaibhav Nivargi explains how data is the key to creating AI models that survive real-world challenges.
              Read on SD Times
July 23, 2021 
            Fake It to Make It: Companies Beef Up AI Models With Synthetic Data
How are the world's top AI companies using synthetic data? Moveworks CTO Vaibhav Nivargi tells The Wall Street Journal how synthetic datasets allow for even more accurate predictions with machine learning.
              Read on The Wall Street Journal 
July 10, 2021 
            More unicorns were created in the second quarter than all of 2020, as 2021 venture funding continues to break records. Here are all 136 of them.
The unicorn club grew at a record pace in Q2 2021 with 136 startups, including Moveworks, crossing the billion-dollar valuation mark for the first time.
              Read on Business Insider
July 9, 2021 
            The Self-Improving Enterprise: Building a Digital Business that Doesn’t Break
Moveworks CEO Bhavin Shah discusses on eWeek what it takes to build tech that not only keeps working, but also improves over time.
              Read on eWEEK
July 6, 2021 
            Discord’s Acquisition, Zipline Raised $250M, and More SF Tech News
Bay Area trend spotter Built In calls out Moveworks as an industry leader following last week's $2.1 billion valuation.
              Read on Built In
June 30, 2021 
            Moveworks raises $200M to automate enterprise IT tasks
VentureBeat reports today that Moveworks, a start up using AI to revolutionize how companies support their employees, announced that it closed a $200 million series C funding round.
              Read on VentureBeat
June 30, 2021 
            Workplace Chatbot Firm Moveworks Reaches $2.1 Billion Valuation
Bloomberg sat down with Moveworks CEO Bhavin Shah to discuss the company’s $200 million Series C round — and what it means for the future of support at work.
              Read on Bloomberg
June 30, 2021 
            AI-powered automatic IT support startup Moveworks raises $200M at $2.1B valuation
Following Moveworks’ latest funding round, SiliconANGLE breaks down how the company built its conversational AI platform — overcoming significant technical barriers along the way.
              Read on SiliconANGLE
June 30, 2021 
            The Funded: Accel and three unicorns score jumbo deals at midweek
In a week of newly minted unicorns, Moveworks stands out with a $200 million C Series funding round, the largest investment ever made in an AI platform for employee experience.
              Read on Silicon Valley Business Journal
June 30, 2021 
            Moveworks Raises $200 Million in Series C Funding to Support Work-from-Anywhere with AI
Now valued at $2.1 billion, Moveworks is the first AI platform that provides instant help to remote and in-office employees. 
              Read on Yahoo Finance
June 24, 2021 
            7 SF companies discuss growing rapidly while ensuring employees stay engaged
Sustaining fast company growth in 2021 means prioritizing the employee experience. Moveworks' Head of People Ops Al-Husein Madhany tells Built In exactly what it takes to keep scaling — without lowering the hiring bar. 
              Read on Built In
June 17, 2021 
            How 14 SF tech leaders are setting up for post-pandemic scale
How do the fastest-growing companies, like Reddit, MasterClass, and Gong, make every employee feel at home — wherever they work? Built In interviewed their Heads of People Operations, including Moveworks’ own Al-Husein Madhany, to find out.
              Read on Built In
June 7, 2021 
            You can’t have a successful hybrid workplace without this one thing
The future of work is anybody's guess. Moveworks CEO Bhavin Shah tells Fast Company how to build a workplace designed for any kind of collaboration.
              Read on Fast Company
April 26, 2021 
            AI 50: America’s Most Promising Artificial Intelligence Companies
The shift to hybrid work has accelerated the use of artificial intelligence across the economy. In its third annual list of the most promising AI companies, Forbes shares the technology that's defining the new normal.
              Read on Forbes
March 31, 2021 
            Language AI startup Moveworks expands beyond IT to finance, HR, other corporate communications
The Moveworks Founders take ZDNet under the hood of the new Moveworks platform, which now solves HR, Finance, and Facilities issues.
              Read on ZDNet
March 31, 2021 
            Moveworks helps enterprises automate IT self-service tasks
Everything at Moveworks is inspired by a simple idea: It shouldn’t take days to get help at work. Today, after half a decade, Moveworks delivers instant help to all lines of business.
              Read on VentureBeat
March 31, 2021 
            Moveworks expands IT chatbot platform to encompass entire organization
Today, Moveworks announced its platform: a single solution that resolves employees’ requests across all lines of business. Moveworks CEO Bhavin Shah tells TechCrunch why the platform is tailored to the new normal of work.
              Read on TechCrunch
March 15, 2021 
            Experts Disagree on the Utility of Large Language Models
What do the latest large language models — like GPT-3 and Switch Transformer — mean for the future of NLP? Moveworks CTO Vaibhav Nivargi gives his expert opinion.
              Read on Datanami
January 21, 2021 
            DocuSign Automates to Scale IT for Big Business Growth
Digital signature and contract management company DocuSign's IT automation projects paid off when the pandemic lockdowns hit. Here's why.
              Read on InformationWeek
January 20, 2021 
            Autodesk CIO Wants to Create ‘Netflix’ Experience for Employees
The pandemic and the effects of remote work, with employees isolated from colleagues and the Help Desk, has led to a renewed focus by some CIOs on improving employee user experience.
              Read on The Wall Street Journal
January 7, 2021 
            2021 Career-Launching Companies
Find out which tech companies have enough momentum to become successful businesses and accelerate your career growth.
              Read on Wealthfront
December 30, 2020 
            The Future-Proof Service Desk: Preventing Tomorrow’s Tech Issues With AI
Moveworks CTO Vaibhav Nivargi explains how AI is making proactive tech support a reality.
              Read on Forbes
December 29, 2020 
            How AI is Revolutionizing Business Processes
In this eWEEK EXPERT Q&A, Moveworks CTO Vaibhav Nivargi explains why we're seeing more AI in more apps in more places than we've ever seen before.
              Read on eWEEK
December 8, 2020 
            Moveworks Founder & CEO Bhavin Shah: Transforming the Service Desk with AI
Our CEO Bhavin Shah shares how truly interactive AI frees up the service desk.
              Read on HMG Strategy
December 2, 2020 
            The 50 Most Promising Startups
The Information selected 50 companies across six sectors to be on our inaugural list of the most promising private tech startups. 
              Read on The Information
November 30, 2020 
            5 Chatbot Use Cases to Steal
Chatbots are the top use case of AI in the enterprise. If you are looking for a chatbot use case, here are five to consider.
              Read on InformationWeek
October 21, 2020 
            Why ‘primitive’ enterprise search must change in a remote-first world
Moveworks CTO Vaibhav Nivargi explains how we’re finally fixing enterprise search.
              Read on Tech Monitor
October 8, 2020 
            The secrets of small data: How machine learning finally reached the enterprise
Transfer learning and collective learning enable enterprises to build machine learning models using small data when big data isn't available.
              Read on VentureBeat
September 8, 2020 
            Sapphire's 2020 CIO Innovation Index focuses on startup engagement amid COVID-19
Sapphire Ventures released its second annual CIO Innovation Index, which includes insights from more than 100 CIOs to better understand spending, strategies guiding innovation, and more.
              Read on TechRepublic
September 1, 2020 
            Don't Settle: 5 SF Companies Hiring Now
Bay Area professionals speak to the career openings they’ve been given –– particularly when it comes to chasing innovation in product and technology in their respective industries. 
              Read on Built In
August 24, 2020 
            The Universal UI: Why Natural Language Is The Ultimate Interface For SaaS
In the battle for your attention, SaaS applications must engage with you on your terms to emerge victorious. 
              Read on Forbes
August 20, 2020 
            Chatbots Are Machine Learning Their Way To Human Language
Natural Language Understanding (NLU) has made progress in reducing the language barrier between people and AI by solving semantics with mathematics.
              Read on Forbes
August 12, 2020 
            Startup Winners in the AI Boom
The information compiled a list of 12 AI startups worth watching. 
              Read on The Information
August 5, 2020 
            How Will COVID-19 Shape The Future Of Work?
How Will COVID-19 Shape The Future Of Work? Answer by Josh Coyne, Investor at Kleiner Perkins.
              Read on Forbes
July 21, 2020 
            Equinix Prioritizes AI Investments Amid Pandemic
Equinix CIO Milind Wagle provides an update on the company's AI initiatives and how they helped during the COVID-19 crisis.
              Read on InformationWeek
July 15, 2020 
            Natural Language Understanding with AI for IT Support
Vaibhav Nivargi, CTO of Moveworks, talks about Natural Language Understanding, interacting with users using chatbots, and augmenting customer service with AI.
              Read on The Cloudcast
July 10, 2020 
            AI 50 Founders Predict What Artificial Intelligence Will Look Like After Covid-19
Forbes AI 50 founders predict what artificial intelligence will look like post coronavirus.
              Read on Forbes
July 5, 2020 
            Gartner's Top 25 Enterprise Software Startups To Watch In 2020
Forbes compiled a list of the 25 best enterprise software startups to watch in 2020.
              Read on Forbes
July 3, 2020 
            AI 50: America’s Most Promising Artificial Intelligence Companies
Forbes second annual AI 50, a list of private, U.S.-based companies that are using artificial intelligence in meaningful business-oriented way.
              Read on Forbes
June 10, 2020 
            50 Future Unicorns
CB Insights put together a list of 50 future unicorns, companies they think will eventually be valued at $1B or more.
              Read on CB Insights
May 28, 2020 
            Next Billion-Dollar Startups 2020
Forbes list of the 25 fastest-growing venture-backed startups most likely to reach a $1 billion valuation.
              Read on Forbes
May 22, 2020 
            Return to work: Automation projects move up the agenda
A new report shows that three-quarters of business leaders expect automation to accelerate in the wake of the crisis.
              Read on ZDNet
May 21, 2020 
            The Small Data Revolution: AI Isn't Just For The Big Guys Anymore
The abstract challenge of “democratizing AI” can be reduced, in part, to a concrete technical problem: how to fuel machine learning with small data. And — even more fortunately — that problem is fast getting solved.
              Read on Forbes
May 16, 2020 
            15 enterprise tech startups poised to come out stronger from the COVID-19 crash
Here are 15 tech startups that Darling, Chambers, and two other VCs plucked from their portfolios that they expect to come out of the COVID-19 crisis stronger than before.
              Read on Business Insider
April 30, 2020 
            Coronavirus crisis spurs IT innovation
The coronavirus crisis sees CIOs accelerating their adoption of automation, analytics and new processes to cope with the pandemic’s disruptions and steer the enterprise forward in uncertain times.
              Read on CIO
April 28, 2020 
            IT Science Case Study: Using AI to Quickly Resolve Enterprise IT Issues
Freedom Financial Network wanted to prioritize its employees’ experience by resolving their IT issues within seconds—not days. Moveworks now enables those employees to get the IT support they need, straight on Slack, in real time.
              Read on eWEEK
April 6, 2020 
            SaaStr 323: The Core Challenges in Moving To Remote Work Overnight
The Core Challenges in Moving To Remote Work Overnight, What Does Great Change Management Look Like & The Optimal Position For Customer Success In The Organisation with Bhavin Shah, Founder & CEO @ Moveworks
              Read on SaaStr
March 25, 2020 
            IT modernisation series – Moveworks: Why modernised IT depends on conversational AI
Moveworks CTO Vaibhav Nivargi explains how conversational AI bots have finally modernized IT support — allowing employees to get tech help on their terms.
              Read on ComputerWeekly
March 24, 2020 
            Putting on the AI ‘white gloves’ makes routine support services less tedious at AppDynamics
AppDynamics has found its year-old installation of Moveworks devours  more of the support tickets generated by a four-figure workforce.
              Read on Diginomica
March 10, 2020 
            Three Tricks to Amplify Small Data for Deep Learning
Moveworks has swung above its weight and developed deep learning models that are much more accurate and precise compared to traditional machine learning approaches.
              Read on Datanami
February 26, 2020 
            Geek of the Week: Bhavin Shah, CEO, and Founder of Moveworks
Moveworks aims to utilize natural language processing together with AI to decipher and solve everyday IT problems that users may send tickets to resolve.
              Read on CloudWedge
January 22, 2020 
            72 startups that will boom in 2020, according to VCs
Business Insider reached out to a select group of successful venture capital firms and asked them name the startups that are poised to have very good years.
              Read on Business Insider
December 22, 2019 
            Top 25 AI Startups Who Raised The Most Money In 2019
$10.7B was invested in AI startups this year in their seed, early-stage venture, or late-stage venture funding rounds.
              Read on Forbes
December 20, 2019 
            Moveworks: A Very Human AI Platform
Moveworks AI is focused on resolving internal IT help desk issues autonomously.
              Read on Siliconindia
December 19, 2019 
            47 enterprise startups to bet your career on in 2020
47 enterprise startups to bet your career on in 2020
              Read on Business Insider
December 18, 2019 
            52 Best Startup Companies To Watch Out For in 2020
In this collection, we put together a list of some of the most interesting startups to keep on your radar in 2020. The list is based on our internal survey of numerous AngelList employees who interact with thousands of startups every year.
              Read on AngelList
November 27, 2019 
            The 10 Hottest AI And Machine Learning Startups Of 2019
CRN looks at the 10 hottest startups of 2019 that are developing new offerings for artificial intelligence and machine learning.
              Read on CRN
November 14, 2019 
            Moveworks Raises $75 Million in New Funding
Moveworks raised an additional $75 million in venture capital, bringing its total raised to $105 million.
              Read on The Wall Street Journal
November 14, 2019 
            Moveworks raises $75 million to automate tech support
Moveworks today revealed that it’s raised $75 million in a series B fundraising round, bringing the company’s total amount raised to $105 million following a $30 million round in April 2019.
              Read on VentureBeat
November 14, 2019 
            Moveworks snags $75M Series B to resolve help desk tickets with AI
Moveworks, a startup using AI to help resolve help desk tickets in an automated fashion, announced a $75 million Series B investment today.
              Read on TechCrunch
November 14, 2019 
            Conversational AI Specialist Moveworks Lands $75 Million in Series B Round
Conversational AI specialist Moveworks has raised $75 million in a Series B financing round, bringing the company’s total amount raised to $105 million, putting a chunky feather in the cap after a blistering 2019 during which it came out of stealth mode.
              Read on Computer Business Review
November 14, 2019 
            Going deeper: Moveworks snags $75M in new money to bolster deep learning in enterprise
Moveworks has been bringing natural-language bots to help desk applications, and it just got a giant new round of funding to commercialize large-scale NLP processing models such as Google's BERT.
              Read on ZDNet
November 14, 2019 
            Here’s the pitch deck AI startup Moveworks used to convince Kleiner Perkins to lead a $75 million funding round after missing the opportunity 2 years ago
Here’s the pitch deck AI startup Moveworks used to convince Kleiner Perkins to lead a $75 million funding round after missing the opportunity 2 years ago.
              Read on Business Insider
November 11, 2019 
            CIO Spotlight: Yousuf Khan, Moveworks
Yousuf Khan, CIO of Moveworks, discusses his career and the greater tech landscape in today's edition of CIO Spotlight.
              Read on IDG
October 21, 2019 
            Five Questions with… Moveworks CTO & Co-founder Vaibhav Nivargi
Every Monday morning we fire five questions at a leading C-suite figure. Today we’re pleased to be joined by Vaibhav Nivargi, co-founder and CTO of conversational AI and IT support company Moveworks.
              Read on Computer Business Review
September 17, 2019 
            AI 50: America's Most Promising Artificial Intelligence Companies
Artificial  intelligence is infiltrating every industry, allowing vehicles to  navigate without drivers, assisting doctors with medical diagnoses, and  giving financial institutions more nuanced ways to predict risk. But for  all the authentic use cases, there's a lot of hype too.
              Read on Forbes
September 13, 2019 
            Artificial intelligence: The future IT help desk
Artificial intelligence can provide timely and efficient IT support, freeing up tech pros' workloads.
              Read on TechRepublic
September 12, 2019 
            No, There Will Be No AI Winter
This  time is different for a simple reason: artificial intelligence, in its  latest incarnation, called deep learning, has become "industrialized."
              Read on Forbes
August 20, 2019 
            Startup Moveworks has raised $30 million to use AI to automate the most common IT tasks — but it doesn't want to replace the IT department
Moveworks  is an AI startup that uses AI and natural language processing resolve  basic IT issues in a company. The company has raised $30 million.
              Read on Business Insider
June 21, 2019 
            AI help desk software frees IT ops to take on SRE skills
A financial services company will retrain its help desk staff to be app developers and SREs, while AI handles the grunt work for the company's call center employees.
              Read on TechTarget
May 24, 2019 
            Moveworks bets IT overload is a natural language processing problem
Help-desk tickets are regularly stranded for 72 hours while admins try  to figure out what people are actually asking. Startup Moveworks is  adapting natural language understanding to decipher and automate those  mysterious requests.
              Read on ZDNet
May 20, 2019 
            Moveworks is on Jeff Bussgang's Rocket Ship Startup List: 2019
New graduates should jump on board one of these high flying companies and go along for the ride
              Read on Medium Blog
May 15, 2019 
            CIOs Turn Automation on Their Own Departments
More tech tasks are being done by robots as businesses look to keep costs down
              Read on The Wall Street Journal
April 17, 2019 
            Moveworks Raises $30 Million To Stop Employees From Hating IT
The three-year-old firm is coming out of stealth mode on the heels of a  $30 million Series A investment from Lightspeed Venture Partners and  Bain Capital with a product that can automatically complete a range of  tech support chores like unlocking accounts or managing email lists.
              Read on Forbes
Moveworks Press Releases
August 17, 2023 
           Moveworks Bolsters Bengaluru Team with Key Engineering and HR Leadership Hires
              Moveworks, the leading AI copilot platform for the enterprise, today announced two key appointments to its Bengaluru office: Mayank Khanwalker and Rajesh Anandaramu 
February 9, 2023 
           Moveworks Named as a Finalist in the 2023 Edison Awards™
              Moveworks’ NLU-powered analytics solution, Employee Experience Insights, is being honored as an innovative service and software solution 
January 11, 2023 
           Moveworks’ AI Enables Starburst to Streamline Employee Onboarding Amid Rapid Growth
              Within one month of deployment, Starburst saw 50% autonomous IT and HR issue resolution with the Moveworks bot 
December 15, 2022 
           Moveworks Scales IT Support for Lucid Software While Keeping Costs Flat
              Moveworks’ AI-powered solution will enable Lucid employees with sophisticated self-service support so IT agents will be freed up to work on high impact projects 
November 17, 2022 
           Moveworks and Wipro Partner to Deliver Scalable, Best-in-Class IT Support with AI
              The partnership offers customers a cost-effective IT solution that delivers the quality, personalized experience employees expect 
November 16, 2022 
           Moveworks’ AI Platform Powers Jamf’s New Standard for Hybrid Work Support
              Jamf will leverage Moveworks’ conversational AI platform to scale a best-in-class hybrid work support model 
October 12, 2022 
           Moveworks Launches Employee Experience Insights to Help CIOs Identify and Prioritize High-Impact Initiatives
              EXI uses new techniques in Natural Language Understanding to help businesses identify the biggest issues slowing employees down 
July 21, 2022 
           Nexthink and Moveworks Join Forces to Enable Proactive Tech Support in the Digital Workplace
              By combining DEX management with conversational AI, businesses can minimize workplace disruptions and dramatically increase productivity 
July 12, 2022 
           Moveworks Partners with TCS to Transform the Service Desk with AI
              Moveworks partners with  Tata Consultancy Services to provide seamless support to their employees at any time, in any language, and from any location. 
June 23, 2022 
           Moveworks Wins ‘Best Overall Bot Solution’ at the 2022 AI Breakthrough Awards
              Moveworks today announced that it won the “Best Overall Bot Solution” at the fifth annual AI Breakthrough Awards, 
April 27, 2022 
           Introducing Moveworks for HR: The first AI solution that provides personalized HR support
              Employees can automatically resolve workplace requests through simple conversations with Moveworks — freeing up HR teams to focus on the projects that matter most 
March 29, 2022 
           Moveworks opens first office in India to strengthen its leadership in conversational AI
              The company will hire top engineers at its new headquarters in Bengaluru to improve the world's leading conversational AI platform. 
March 17, 2022 
           Moveworks expands across Europe to support flexible work with AI
              As European companies compete to deliver the best employee experience, Moveworks brings its AI platform to the UK, France, and Germany. 
March 16, 2022 
           Moveworks announces API to proactively prevent issues at work
              The API enables companies to send their employees critical messages and requests — with workflows that are automatically triggered by events across the business. 
October 20, 2021 
           Moveworks pioneers the first multilingual AI platform built to support global companies
              Employees can now instantly resolve their workplace requests by asking Moveworks in English, Spanish, Italian, French, German, and Portuguese. 
September 15, 2021 
           Moveworks expands U.S. footprint with new office in Austin, Texas
              The company continues its hyper-growth by establishing a presence in Austin -- an emerging hub for top talent. 
July 28, 2021 
           AI at scale: Moveworks enhances conversational AI platform to support the world's largest companies
              Moveworks unveils a new, self-learning conversational AI technique, which solves employees' requests by generating customized responses based on real-time data. 
June 30, 2021 
           Moveworks Raises $200 Million in Series C Funding to Support Work-from-Anywhere with AI
              Now valued at $2.1 billion, Moveworks is the first AI platform that provides instant help to remote and in-office employees 
March 31, 2021 
           Instant help at work: Moveworks announces next evolution with AI-powered Employee Service Platform
              Moveworks now automatically resolves issues across all lines of business, including IT, HR, Finance, and Facilities. 
June 9, 2020 
           Moveworks Integrates with Microsoft Teams to Transform Enterprise IT Support
              Integration of leading AI and Natural Language Understanding platform with Microsoft Teams turns chat and collaboration platform into an autonomous IT support channel 
February 13, 2020 
           Moveworks Launches "Channel Resolver" to Accelerate Resolution of Employee IT Issues
              New AI and Natural Language Understanding solution identifies IT support issues in any channel within the Slack collaboration hub, and resolves them automatically 
November 14, 2019 
           Moveworks Announces $75M Round Led By Kleiner Perkins, ICONIQ Capital and Sapphire Ventures
              Oversubscribed financing round underscores significant impact of autonomous AI solution; Company acquires new customers Align Technology, LinkedIn, Symantec, Belkin, Stitch Fix, AppDynamics and more 
April 17, 2019 
           Moveworks Unveils Advanced AI Solution to Autonomously Resolve Employee IT Support Issues
              Company emerges after three years in stealth with dozens of Fortune 500 and leading enterprise customers, and venture backing from Bain Capital Ventures and Lightspeed Venture Partners 
Moveworks Awards
Moveworks was named one of top private cloud companies in the world.
Moveworks is a Leader in Intelligent Virtual Assistants
Moveworks is a Leader in Intelligent Virtual Assistants for the Enterprise
BuiltIn named Moveworks the #1 Best Place to Work in the Bay Area in 2022
Silicon Valley Business Journal names Moveworks the #2 Best Place to work in the Bay Area in 2022
Forbes names Moveworks the #12 Best Startup Employer in America in 2022
Moveworks wins the 2021 AI Breakthrough Award for “Best Chatbot Solution”
Moveworks was included in the 2022 Forbes AI50 list for the 4th consecutive year 
Inc. names Moveworks as a 2022 best workplace 
Named one of Newsweek's 100 Most Loved Workplaces 2022
EXI was honored as an innovative service and software solution.
Solutions
Customers
Resources
Blog
Sitemap
Platform
Platform overview
Moveworks API
System status
Company
About us
Newsroom
Contact us
Careers
image/svg+xml
    ©2023 Moveworks, Inc.
Privacy policies
close modal