Introducing Moveworks' Europe Data Center & Canada Data Center
Skip to content
Forrester names Moveworks a leader in Chatbot for IT operations. Read the report today.
Moveworks named a Forrester leader in Chatbot for IT operations. 
main menu
Search for...
Home
Platform
Product Overview
How it Works
LLM Stack
Enterprise Copilot
Creator Studio
Employee Experience Insights
Moveworks API
Multilingual Support
Triage
Integration Partners
Performance Dashboards
Solutions
IT
IT Service Desk
IT Service Management
Self Service
HR
HR Service Desk
Employee Onboarding
Facilities
Finance
Employee Communications
Cost Reduction
Identity Access Management
Knowledge Management
Multilingual Support
Customer Stories
Resources
Resource Center
Blog
Help Center
Company
About us
Careers
Newsroom
Contact us
Trust
Demo request
skip to content
See Moveworks in action.
Schedule a meeting with a Moveworks representative and learn how we can help reduce employee issue resolution from days to seconds.
        First Name *
        Last Name *
        Email *
        Company *
        Phone
        How did you hear about us? *
By checking this box, I agree to receive company news and updates. Learn more in the Privacy Policy.
Thank you.
A member of the Moveworks team will be in touch within the next 24 hours.
  Close this modal
  Go back
back to form
back to tab selection
Moveworks expands global reach with new EU and Canadian data centers
Vaibhav Nivargi, CTO
 July 17, 2023
linkedin
facebook
twitter
email
At Moveworks, our customers' needs always come first. 
Recognizing the growing demands for data privacy and residency, especially in light of the evolving regulatory landscape, we are excited to announce the launch of our first regional data centers in the European Union (EU) and Canada.
Prioritizing data residency and privacy
Data privacy is a crucial concern for businesses in today's global marketplace. By launching regional data centers in the EU and Canada, we can now offer our European and Canadian customers peace of mind when it comes to implementing conversational AI, powered by the world’s most advanced LLMs, safe in the knowledge that they have control over their data.
Besides aligning with the shifting regulatory climate, our EU and Canadian data centers also adhere to various data residency requirements across the regions. This global-first approach grants our customers greater flexibility, customization, and control over their data, ensuring our services meet their unique needs.
Celebrating growth and looking ahead
The launch of our new EU and Canadian data centers is a clear indication of Moveworks' growth and commitment to serving our customers on a global scale. As we progress, our focus remains on delivering the best possible solutions, enabling users to have increased ownership of their data.
Our new data centers reflect our continued efforts to enhance our services, catering to the diverse demands of businesses worldwide and providing a foundation for exciting developments that are yet to come. With ongoing efforts to enhance data privacy and residency, Moveworks remains your trusted partner.
Read more about security at Moveworks.
security
news
More blog posts
How to unlock continual service improvement with AIOps
          Discover how AIOps transforms IT operations from reactive to proactive. Understand the AIOps revolution and shift from firefighters to innovators.
How conversational AI can drive mission success for the public sector
          Learn how AI & automation can immediately provide ROI and elevate service experience at scale for federal and state government and the public sector as a whole.
Generative AI should be your #1 priority: Key takeaways from the Forrester Technology & Innovation Summit
          3 key takeaways from the Forrester Technology & Innovation Summit: 1. Make generative AI your #1 priority. 2. Balance Risk 3. Deploy Copilots. Read the recap.
How conversational AI is transforming healthcare
          Conversational AI is improving healthcare delivery by automating tasks, surfacing knowledge, and supporting staff. Learn how leading providers use this technology.
How Moveworks uses LLMs to create a seamless conversational AI experience
          From spelling correction to intent classification, get to know the large language models that power Moveworks' conversational AI platform.
How AI is changing IT operations analytics
          AI is transforming IT operations analytics (ITOA). Here are the key benefits and challenges of implementing AI-driven ITOA, including real-world examples.
    Subscribe to our blog
    Get notified about Moveworks’ latest posts.
Solutions
Customers
Resources
Blog
Sitemap
Platform
Platform overview
Moveworks API
System status
Company
About us
Newsroom
Contact us
Careers
image/svg+xml
    ©2023 Moveworks, Inc.
Privacy policies
close modal