Achieve Powers Rapid IT Support with Chatbot in Slack | Moveworks
Skip to content
Forrester names Moveworks a leader in Chatbot for IT operations. Read the report today.
Moveworks named a Forrester leader in Chatbot for IT operations. 
main menu
Search for...
Home
Platform
Product Overview
How it Works
LLM Stack
Enterprise Copilot
Creator Studio
Employee Experience Insights
Moveworks API
Multilingual Support
Triage
Integration Partners
Performance Dashboards
Solutions
IT
IT Service Desk
IT Service Management
Self Service
HR
HR Service Desk
Employee Onboarding
Facilities
Finance
Employee Communications
Cost Reduction
Identity Access Management
Knowledge Management
Multilingual Support
Customer Stories
Resources
Resource Center
Blog
Help Center
Company
About us
Careers
Newsroom
Contact us
Trust
Demo request
skip to content
See Moveworks in action.
Schedule a meeting with a Moveworks representative and learn how we can help reduce employee issue resolution from days to seconds.
        First Name *
        Last Name *
        Email *
        Company *
        Phone
        How did you hear about us? *
By checking this box, I agree to receive company news and updates. Learn more in the Privacy Policy.
Thank you.
A member of the Moveworks team will be in touch within the next 24 hours.
  Close this modal
  Go back
back to form
back to tab selection
Achieve powers rapid IT support with chatbot in Slack
Yousuf Khan, CIO & VP Customer Success
 September 9, 2019
linkedin
facebook
twitter
email
Throughout the years I’ve been lucky to talk to CIOs and IT teams from several industries. The financial services industry has always fascinated me, not just because it’s the lifeblood of an economy, but because from an operational standpoint, it sees an increasing level of complexity and innovation. 
I’ve spoken to CIOs and IT leaders at commercial banks, lenders, investment banks and insurance firms. What’s clear is that in building customer service functions of these companies, handling the fast pace of hiring new employees while maintaining a secure and compliant environment often puts IT managers in a bind. 
Mark Tonnesen is a respected CIO and leads all IT at Achieve. It’s been great working with him and his awesome team such as Marty Colby and Nick Mendez as the company has grown to become one of North America’s leading financial services providers, helping US retail customers negotiate more than $10 billion in total consumer debt. 
Achieve is growing fast, so onboarding new hires is a top area of focus of the IT organization there. For Mark and Achieve, getting onboarding right is doubly important because their employees need to handle financial transactions in a secure desktop environment, and that’s a totally new working environment for most. Many new hires arrive expecting the user-friendly interfaces they've come to expect from today's mobile apps. For workers like this, pointing them to a complicated IT portal can stop them dead in their tracks: You want me to file what type of ticket? Where was that IT form again? Having great IT support systems directly impacts positive customer experience. Imagine being on the phone with a customer service agent when talking about a financial transaction and being put on hold because the agent is having an issue with their computer… a fire drill of behavior happening in the background to reach someone in IT support. 
Luckily, the era of conversational interfaces has arrived, available in enterprise messaging and powered by companies like Moveworks. We got to explore the impact AI can have on great IT support and customer impact in our latest Moveworks case study. You’ll get to see how the IT team at Achieve rolled out Alfred, a Moveworks powered chatbot in Slack that employees — like the customer service team — just message when they need help.
Employees simply describe their request in a Slack message to the Alfred bot, and Moveworks uses advanced natural language understanding (NLU) and conversational AI to understand the issue and deliver a resolution. Some of Alfred’s key capabilities that are winning over employees include instant password resets, adding people to mailing lists (DLs), getting access to software, getting answers to common questions, looking up coworkers’ contact details, and filing IT tickets directly from a Slack message.
To find out more, download the case study.
customer
onboarding
Slack
customer stories
More blog posts
How to unlock continual service improvement with AIOps
          Discover how AIOps transforms IT operations from reactive to proactive. Understand the AIOps revolution and shift from firefighters to innovators.
How conversational AI can drive mission success for the public sector
          Learn how AI & automation can immediately provide ROI and elevate service experience at scale for federal and state government and the public sector as a whole.
Generative AI should be your #1 priority: Key takeaways from the Forrester Technology & Innovation Summit
          3 key takeaways from the Forrester Technology & Innovation Summit: 1. Make generative AI your #1 priority. 2. Balance Risk 3. Deploy Copilots. Read the recap.
How conversational AI is transforming healthcare
          Conversational AI is improving healthcare delivery by automating tasks, surfacing knowledge, and supporting staff. Learn how leading providers use this technology.
How Moveworks uses LLMs to create a seamless conversational AI experience
          From spelling correction to intent classification, get to know the large language models that power Moveworks' conversational AI platform.
How AI is changing IT operations analytics
          AI is transforming IT operations analytics (ITOA). Here are the key benefits and challenges of implementing AI-driven ITOA, including real-world examples.
    Subscribe to our blog
    Get notified about Moveworks’ latest posts.
Solutions
Customers
Resources
Blog
Sitemap
Platform
Platform overview
Moveworks API
System status
Company
About us
Newsroom
Contact us
Careers
image/svg+xml
    ©2023 Moveworks, Inc.
Privacy policies
close modal