Legends of Employee Experience - Patrick Thompson | Moveworks
    Legends of Employee Experience
All episodes
Visit Moveworks
      Scale up your vision: How this leader helped 36 employees become CIOs
Episode 04 | Patrick Thompson, Chief Information & Digital Transformation Officer at Albemarle
Most leaders think that alignment is the key to building a successful team. Patrick Thompson, Chief Information & Digital Transformation Officer at Albemarle, likes to focus on enablement. By developing his team to share that mindset, he’s completely transformed support at Albemarle — and seen 36 former employees become CIOs, CISOs, and CTOs.
In this episode we discuss…
How to develop a team of customer-centric leaders (4:10)
Setting a plan and communicating your vision to your team (5:28)
Why every leader should create their own “laws of leadership” (6:50)
Three of Patrick’s laws for leaders (9:16)
Why you should focus on lead metrics, not lag results (13:04)
The difference between IT-centric and business-centric CIOs (20:41)
Modernizing the employee experience at Albemarle (24:04)
Collaboration between IT and HR (27:03)
Why employee experience should be the #1 priority for CIOs (29:54)
Making IT easy for end users by “leaning into the red” (35:25)
Patrick’s secret to success: “produce more than you consume every day” (39:40)
  Recent Episodes
        How to Fight Burnout with Automation
        Episode 02 | Jim Noga, CIO at Mass General Brigham
According to Deloitte, 77% of your employees feel burnt out. Jim Noga, CIO at Mass General Brigham, has spent 30 years figuring out how to tackle this issue. Listen for Jim’s tips on how he uses technology to keep employees engaged at work.
        How you can turn 'too many ideas' into a few successful projects
        Episode 03 | Nelm Khangura, VP of Store and Colleague Solutions at Loblaw
Working cross-functionally with so many different departments means a lot of input and ideas. What you need to do is sift through them to find the most meaningful initiatives. In this episode, Nelm Khangura, VP of Store and Colleague Solutions at Loblaw, shares her approach to the “idea funnel” — how she takes projects from idea to impact.
  Subscribe to get next month’s episode
    Get the latest episode in your inbox.
        Enter email *
Got it!
You'll be notified when new episodes are published.
Privacy Policy
Platform
Product Overview
How it Works
What's New
Employee Experience Insights
Multilingual Support
Intelligence Engine 
Triage
Integration Partners
Performance Dashboards
Solutions
IT
HR
Facilities
Finance
Employee Communications
Resources
Resource Center
Blog
Help Center
System Status
Sitemap
API Docs
Company
About us
Contact us
Newsroom
Careers
Guides
Conversational AI strategy
Writing knowledge base articles
Speed up your help desk
Why service desk automation?
Knowledge centered service
Hybrid work best practices
© 2023 Moveworks, Inc.
Privacy policy
Security