3 ways omnichannel support improves your employee experience | Moveworks
Skip to content
Forrester names Moveworks a leader in Chatbot for IT operations. Read the report today.
Moveworks named a Forrester leader in Chatbot for IT operations. 
main menu
Search for...
Home
Platform
Product Overview
How it Works
LLM Stack
Enterprise Copilot
Creator Studio
Employee Experience Insights
Moveworks API
Multilingual Support
Triage
Integration Partners
Performance Dashboards
Solutions
IT
IT Service Desk
IT Service Management
Self Service
HR
HR Service Desk
Employee Onboarding
Facilities
Finance
Employee Communications
Cost Reduction
Identity Access Management
Knowledge Management
Multilingual Support
Customer Stories
Resources
Resource Center
Blog
Help Center
Company
About us
Careers
Newsroom
Contact us
Trust
Demo request
skip to content
See Moveworks in action.
Schedule a meeting with a Moveworks representative and learn how we can help reduce employee issue resolution from days to seconds.
        First Name *
        Last Name *
        Email *
        Company *
        Phone
        How did you hear about us? *
By checking this box, I agree to receive company news and updates. Learn more in the Privacy Policy.
Thank you.
A member of the Moveworks team will be in touch within the next 24 hours.
  Close this modal
  Go back
back to form
back to tab selection
3 ways omnichannel support improves your employee experience
Varun Singh, VP of Product
 February 8, 2022
linkedin
facebook
twitter
email
Employees shouldn't need help asking for help. As a support professional, you already know this. Unlocking an account or updating benefits should be intuitive, not complicated.
That said, every service department — HR, IT, Finance, Facilities — has a different approach to supporting employees. And every employee has different habits and preferences when it comes to getting help. This means that your whole workforce has to learn when to submit a form through an IT portal, when to directly email a colleague on the HR team, and when to ask the entire company for help on a public Slack channel.
I’ve come to learn that support teams can’t afford to consider support channels as distinct from one another. Instead, you need to move towards omnichannel support. With this approach, employees can get personalized help, no matter where they go.
What is omnichannel support?
Omnichannel support means employees can use whichever channel they prefer to get help and receive the same seamless experience. Whether an employee sends an email or a chat message, they get the information they need in the place most convenient to them. With this strategy, employees can help themselves, and your team has the time to focus on improving the support ecosystem as a whole.
With omnichannel support — no matter which channel an employee prefers — they:
Get the same help
Have the same simple experience
Receive personalized solutions
Figure 1: To ensure a positive employee experience, support teams must provide the same great experience on every channel.
The same help on every channel
A common challenge for support teams is that there’s often a different strategy for every channel. The IT team might focus on setting up automation in Microsoft Teams, while the HR team is trying to direct all support traffic to their web portal. As a result, employees don’t know where to go, which portal to use, who to email, or where to chat. 
Employees should be able to get support where they’re already working, whether in the office, at home, or in the field. That’s why I recommend support teams think backward from the end-user experience. Instead of starting with improving phone support or encouraging everyone to ask questions on Slack — let people go where they want to go, use the tools they want to use, and take full advantage of all the automation you’ve worked hard to build. 
A critical step in building a modern support process is ensuring consistency across every channel within your organization. With an omnichannel support mindset, you can integrate your environment in a way that’s synchronized. The same solutions can live in the messaging platforms, the enterprise web portals, and the email accounts that your employees use every day. 
Figure 2: Moveworks lives in the messaging platforms employees use every day, picking up and continuing conversations from other support channels, as needed.
One simple interface everywhere
The goal of omnichannel support is to help employees help themselves. So once you’ve ensured the same access to support across channels, step two is creating the same exact experience everywhere. Because, more often than not, every support system has an entirely different interface. No one has to learn how to use a new portal or remember the correct email address to get hardware help.
Don't force employees to think too hard about support. With the right strategy and tools, employees don’t have to learn yet another system. What I've seen is that — by far — a conversational interface offers the most seamless experience. Employees use natural language to get what they need. They don’t need to learn new buttons to click; they can just type a question and get an answer.
With a conversational interface that lives on every support channel, you’ll create a universal stepping-off point to get help. Employees will always know where to go and how to ask for help.
Figure 3: With Moveworks for Web, users who prefer to get help on enterprise portals can easily access all the skills, features, forms, and knowledge at Moveworks’ disposal. 
Personalized support where you work
The final step of building omnichannel support is customization. If you send an important memo about changing healthcare benefits, you want employees to see it and engage. But, when some people prefer email and others live in Microsoft Teams, there’s a high probability that your message will go unnoticed. 
Meeting employees where they are involves knowing who an employee is and keeping track of their preferences. By combining conversational AI with a deep understanding of identity, you can tailor support for every employee automatically and reach out to them on the channels where they expect support. This keeps information from falling through the cracks while ensuring that users aren’t overloaded with the same information across different channels.  
When every employee has a secure profile that knows their department, location, and preferred support channel, it’s easy to engage in a meaningful and timely way.
Figure 4: Moveworks personalizes messages to cut through the noise. By precisely targeting comms based on employees’ locations and support preferences, our bot meets employees on their terms.
Meet employees on their terms 
The mark of a truly mature support process is a great employee experience. And the foundation of a great employee experience is meeting employees on their terms.
Instead of getting stuck in the mindset of providing the bare minimum across every single channel — checking boxes by setting up email, chat, and web support — you increasingly need to think about how to bring every support channel together into a single omnichannel experience. 
See how omnichannel support transformed Palo Alto Networks' employee experience.
best practices
product features
employee experience
More blog posts
How to unlock continual service improvement with AIOps
          Discover how AIOps transforms IT operations from reactive to proactive. Understand the AIOps revolution and shift from firefighters to innovators.
How conversational AI can drive mission success for the public sector
          Learn how AI & automation can immediately provide ROI and elevate service experience at scale for federal and state government and the public sector as a whole.
Generative AI should be your #1 priority: Key takeaways from the Forrester Technology & Innovation Summit
          3 key takeaways from the Forrester Technology & Innovation Summit: 1. Make generative AI your #1 priority. 2. Balance Risk 3. Deploy Copilots. Read the recap.
How conversational AI is transforming healthcare
          Conversational AI is improving healthcare delivery by automating tasks, surfacing knowledge, and supporting staff. Learn how leading providers use this technology.
How Moveworks uses LLMs to create a seamless conversational AI experience
          From spelling correction to intent classification, get to know the large language models that power Moveworks' conversational AI platform.
How AI is changing IT operations analytics
          AI is transforming IT operations analytics (ITOA). Here are the key benefits and challenges of implementing AI-driven ITOA, including real-world examples.
    Subscribe to our blog
    Get notified about Moveworks’ latest posts.
Solutions
Customers
Resources
Blog
Sitemap
Platform
Platform overview
Moveworks API
System status
Company
About us
Newsroom
Contact us
Careers
image/svg+xml
    ©2023 Moveworks, Inc.
Privacy policies
close modal