Performance Insights Dashboards | Moveworks
Skip to content
Forrester names Moveworks a leader in Chatbot for IT operations. Read the report today.
Moveworks named a Forrester leader in Chatbot for IT operations. 
main menu
Search for...
Home
Platform
Product Overview
How it Works
LLM Stack
Enterprise Copilot
Creator Studio
Employee Experience Insights
Moveworks API
Multilingual Support
Triage
Integration Partners
Performance Dashboards
Solutions
IT
IT Service Desk
IT Service Management
Self Service
HR
HR Service Desk
Employee Onboarding
Facilities
Finance
Employee Communications
Cost Reduction
Identity Access Management
Knowledge Management
Multilingual Support
Customer Stories
Resources
Resource Center
Blog
Help Center
Company
About us
Careers
Newsroom
Contact us
Trust
Demo request
skip to content
See Moveworks in action.
Schedule a meeting with a Moveworks representative and learn how we can help reduce employee issue resolution from days to seconds.
        First Name *
        Last Name *
        Email *
        Company *
        Phone
        How did you hear about us? *
By checking this box, I agree to receive company news and updates. Learn more in the Privacy Policy.
Thank you.
A member of the Moveworks team will be in touch within the next 24 hours.
  Close this modal
  Go back
back to form
back to tab selection
Performance Insights Dashboards
The Performance Insights Dashboards provide comprehensive visibility over your Moveworks bot.
With nearly 100 individual charts and metrics, these dashboards visualize every aspect of your AI deployment, from the number of employees engaging with the bot to the percentage of all IT issues Moveworks resolves autonomously.
Download the datasheet
        High-level view of Moveworks’ value and impact
        High-level view of Moveworks’ value and impact
For CIOs and other executives, the Performance Insights Dashboards showcase the high-level impact of Moveworks, headlined by the percentage of all employee-submitted IT issues resolved autonomously.
With easy-to-digest visualizations presented on a single screen, busy executives can determine Moveworks’ ROI at a glance.
        Real-time breakdown of employee engagement with Moveworks
        Real-time breakdown of employee engagement with Moveworks
Leaders who oversee the service desk, employee experience, and end-user support need to track shifts and patterns in how Moveworks helps employees.
Our dashboards visualize detailed data on bot interaction trends, arming these leaders with the up-to-date knowledge they need to make informed decisions.
        Data-rich reporting on your IT support investments
        Data-rich reporting on your IT support investments
For business application owners, technical writers, and other specialists concerned with the precise allocation of IT resources, these dashboards reveal employees’ most common tech issues and troubleshooting questions.
The dashboards provide a comprehensive performance analysis of individual Moveworks skills and shed light on the most requested knowledge articles.
 We use the dashboards in our regular reviews of service desk activities — not only to understand the impact Moveworks is having on Level 1 support, but also to identify gaps in our existing resources. We can quickly determine how much work the bot is handling and where to focus our attention.
Erica Callaghan, Manager of Global Technology & Solutions, Broadcom
        Interested? Learn more.
Solutions
Customers
Resources
Blog
Sitemap
Platform
Platform overview
Moveworks API
System status
Company
About us
Newsroom
Contact us
Careers
image/svg+xml
    ©2023 Moveworks, Inc.
Privacy policies
close modal