





Conversational AI platform | Moveworks




















































































Skip to content




Forrester names Moveworks a leader in Chatbot for IT operations. Read the report today.
Moveworks named a Forrester leader in Chatbot for IT operations. 













main menu







Search for...













Home
Platform

Product Overview
How it Works
LLM Stack
Enterprise Copilot
Creator Studio
Employee Experience Insights
Moveworks API
Multilingual Support
Triage
Integration Partners
Performance Dashboards





Solutions

IT
IT Service Desk
IT Service Management
Self Service
HR
HR Service Desk
Employee Onboarding
Facilities
Finance
Employee Communications
Cost Reduction
Identity Access Management
Knowledge Management
Multilingual Support

Customer Stories
Resources

Resource Center
Blog
Help Center

Company

About us
Careers
Newsroom
Contact us
Trust











Demo request
skip to content






















See Moveworks in action.
Schedule a meeting with a Moveworks representative and learn how we can help reduce employee issue resolution from days to seconds.






        First Name *
      







        Last Name *
      







        Email *
      







        Company *
      







        Phone
      







        How did you hear about us? *
      









By checking this box, I agree to receive company news and updates. Learn more in the Privacy Policy.








Thank you.
A member of the Moveworks team will be in touch within the next 24 hours.


  Close this modal
  





  Go back
  
back to form




back to tab selection



























Introducing the Moveworks platform









Bhavin Shah, CEO and Founder











 March 31, 2021











linkedin
      






facebook
      






twitter
      






email
      















































Every day for the past half-decade, we’ve been inching closer to this moment.

We started in 2016 as a team of four people—with a big vision and a lot of work to do. Today, we’re a team of over 200 people from around the world, who’ve created an AI chatbot more sophisticated than anyone thought was possible, and who now support many of the most innovative companies on the planet. Between machine learning engineers, customer success managers, and graphic designers, our skills couldn’t be more different. 
But all of us joined Moveworks because we share the same belief. We believe that AI can automate our busy work, eliminate our disruptions, and let us focus on what matters. That belief has inspired us to resolve IT issues — like unlocking accounts, finding forms, and editing email groups — in seconds, using conversational AI to give employees exactly what they need. However, despite the massive impact we’ve achieved with customers like DocuSign, Broadcom, and Hearst, we knew we could do even more than tech support. 
Ultimately, we wanted to solve every issue, for every employee, across every line of business. We wanted to provide a single solution—powered by AI—that makes help automatic, from IT and HR to Finance and Facilities. One bot for every request.
So we built it. Introducing the Moveworks platform.
The serious challenge of supporting employees
Supporting employees is one of the oldest and hardest challenges in the business world. It describes all the different ways that companies help their employees stay productive — including IT support, HR answers, policy information, and everything else that holds up important work.
At most companies, talented professionals are stuck solving employee support issues by hand. When an employee needs a Zoom license, or can’t remember the updated travel guidelines, she asks a person for assistance. It’s worth noting that employees could, in theory, address many of their own issues with resources that already exist, such as knowledge articles and forms. The problem? These resources are deeply buried within dozens of backend systems.

Figure 1: Today’s complex digital businesses prevent employees from finding the resources they need.
The status quo of employee support has three major drawbacks:

It forces employees to wait days before a busy support team fulfills their request, no matter how disruptive the issue.
It means that highly trained professionals in IT, HR, Finance, and other departments spend the day on routine tasks, rather than rewarding projects.
It slows down the organization as a whole, which reduces productivity, lowers morale, and threatens to damage relationships with clients.

That's why we built our platform: To be a one-stop shop
That’s why we built the the Moveworks platform: to be a one-stop shop for instant help at work. Instead of filing an IT ticket or emailing the HR team, employees can simply describe any issue to the Moveworks bot, just as they would to a professional. Under the hood, we use breakthroughs in machine learning — more on this point in a minute — to determine and then deliver the right resource to resolve the request. Whether the solution is an FAQ, a form, a software license, a phone number, a report, or an office floor plan, Moveworks understands the issue and takes immediate action.
Figure 2: The Moveworks platform uses advanced machine learning to understand and resolve employees’ requests.
It took an army of engineers hundreds of thousands of hours to create our new platform. From a machine learning perspective, many of the techniques that power the platform weren’t possible 12 months ago. We had to build something that has never been built before: a conversational AI chatbot that learns each company’s unique lexicon, holds dynamic conversations with users as they switch topics, determines the optimal resolution to each issue, finds personalized answers from within disparate knowledge bases, and surfaces hard-to-find resources from across the enterprise—directly on the messaging tool. And over our next several blog posts, we'll dive deep into how we do it.
But for now, let me share how the Moveworks platform lets your department give employees immediate support, minus the busy work for you:
Tech support. But in seconds.
Moveworks remains the best at solving IT support issues — instantly and automatically. By addressing more than 40% of these tech issues without any manual intervention, Moveworks empowers your service desk to prioritize higher-value work, while buying back a huge amount of time for employees.
Key use cases:

Software provisioning
Password resets
Email group updates
IT troubleshooting
Ordering hardware

Transform your IT support >
Deliver HR help. Automatically.
In a business climate defined by constant change, HR teams face an endless barrage of questions from employees. After analyzing millions of real-world HR questions, Moveworks can now resolve employees’ inquiries in real time — by extracting the exact paragraph with the answer from your knowledge base. Our bot is already enabling people-centric HR teams to concentrate on truly meaningful conversations. 
Key use cases:

Benefits inquiries
Payroll information
Tax questions 
New hire onboarding
Employment verification

Automate your HR help >
Stop answering finance questions.
The Moveworks platform can now answer finance questions on your behalf — letting your team effortlessly ensure compliance with new policies. By considering each employee’s role, location, and seniority, our bot provides personalized responses to common inquiries, while routing complex requests to the right subject-matter expert. 
Key use cases:

Expense policy questions
Compensation inquiries
M&A issues
Non-disclosure agreements
Deal process clarification

Solve finance issues faster >
Fix facilities issues with AI.
As a facilities manager, you’re focused on the big picture: managing the return to work, renovating the office, and maintaining business continuity. The Moveworks platform can handle the small details for you — solving employees’ facilities issues the moment they need help. Moveworks transforms resources like FAQs and floor plans into a format optimized for chat, so that employees get their answer without leaving the conversation with our bot.
Key use cases:

Building access requests 
Conference room lookups
Return-to-work communications
Work-from-home coordination
Contact information

Answer facilities questions with AI >
Messages that inspire action.
As part of the expanded platform, we’re also excited to announce our brand new module for Employee Communications, which allows company leaders to send targeted and interactive messages directly through Moveworks. And because these messages are delivered by our bot, they come with the full power of the Moveworks platform. That means employees can get answers to any follow-up questions regarding the message, right away, simply by asking Moveworks.
Key use cases:

Software migrations
Open enrollment
Mandatory training
License reclamation
System outages

Boost engagement with your comms >

Request a demo to see the Moveworks platform in action.











product features

















        Want to learn more?
      
Working at Moveworks means working alongside a team of winners - making an impact, every day. We're results-driven, fast paced, and collaborative. We believe to think first is to think different, that achievement comes with focus, and that continuous learning enables continuous delivery.






























More blog posts








How to unlock continual service improvement with AIOps


          Discover how AIOps transforms IT operations from reactive to proactive. Understand the AIOps revolution and shift from firefighters to innovators.
        














How conversational AI can drive mission success for the public sector


          Learn how AI & automation can immediately provide ROI and elevate service experience at scale for federal and state government and the public sector as a whole.
        














Generative AI should be your #1 priority: Key takeaways from the Forrester Technology & Innovation Summit


          3 key takeaways from the Forrester Technology & Innovation Summit: 1. Make generative AI your #1 priority. 2. Balance Risk 3. Deploy Copilots. Read the recap.
        














How conversational AI is transforming healthcare


          Conversational AI is improving healthcare delivery by automating tasks, surfacing knowledge, and supporting staff. Learn how leading providers use this technology.
        














How Moveworks uses LLMs to create a seamless conversational AI experience


          From spelling correction to intent classification, get to know the large language models that power Moveworks' conversational AI platform.
        














How AI is changing IT operations analytics


          AI is transforming IT operations analytics (ITOA). Here are the key benefits and challenges of implementing AI-driven ITOA, including real-world examples.
        










































    Subscribe to our blog
  
    Get notified about Moveworks’ latest posts.
 







































Solutions


Customers


Resources


Blog


Sitemap




Platform


Platform overview


Moveworks API


System status




Company


About us


Newsroom


Contact us


Careers



 
































































































image/svg+xml


    ©2023 Moveworks, Inc.
  

Privacy policies
















close modal















































